

*********************************************

ac_s_arc_project_descendant_r
(ACTIVE - MULTIPLE - ROOT)

arc:project_descendant/xsiType                                                                      arc_project_descendant0		arc_project_descendant.xsitype
arc:project_descendant/project_descendant_info                                                      arc_project_descendant1		arc_project_descendant.project_descendant_info
arc:project_descendant/arc_project_descendant_id                                                    arc_project_descendant2		arc_project_descendant.arc_project_descendant_id
arc:project_descendant/pipelines_descendants_descendan_arc_project_id                               arc_project_descendant3		arc_project_descendant.pipelines_descendants_descendan_arc_project_id
arc:project_descendant/pipeline/arc_pipelinedata_id                                                 arc_project_descendant_pipeline4		arc_pipelineData.arc_pipelinedata_id
arc:project_descendant/pipeline/stepId                                                              arc_project_descendant_pipeline5		arc_project_descendant_pipeline.stepid
arc:project_descendant/pipeline/dependent                                                           arc_project_descendant_pipeline6		arc_project_descendant_pipeline.dependent
arc:project_descendant/pipeline/project_descendant_pipeline_info                                    arc_project_descendant_pipeline7		arc_project_descendant_pipeline.project_descendant_pipeline_info
arc:project_descendant/pipeline/arc_project_descendant_arc_project_descendant_id                    arc_project_descendant_pipeline8		arc_project_descendant_pipeline.arc_project_descendant_arc_project_descendant_id
arc:project_descendant/pipeline/pipelineData/displayText                                            arc_pipelineData9		arc_pipelineData.displaytext
arc:project_descendant/pipeline/pipelineData/name                                                   arc_pipelineData10		arc_pipelineData.name
arc:project_descendant/pipeline/pipelineData/location                                               arc_pipelineData11		arc_pipelineData.location
arc:project_descendant/pipeline/pipelineData/description                                            arc_pipelineData12		arc_pipelineData.description
arc:project_descendant/pipeline/pipelineData/customwebpage                                          arc_pipelineData13		arc_pipelineData.customwebpage
arc:project_descendant/pipeline/pipelineData/extension                                              arc_pipelineData14		arc_pipelineData.extension
arc:project_descendant/pipeline/pipelineData/pipelinedata_info                                      arc_pipelineData15		arc_pipelineData.pipelinedata_info
arc:project_descendant/pipeline/pipelineData/arc_pipelineData_id                                    arc_pipelineData16		arc_pipelineData.arc_pipelinedata_id
arc:project_descendant/pipeline/pipelineData/parameters/parameter/schemaLink                        arc_pipelineParameterData17		arc_pipelineParameterData.schemalink
arc:project_descendant/pipeline/pipelineData/parameters/parameter/csvValues                         arc_pipelineParameterData18		arc_pipelineParameterData.csvvalues
arc:project_descendant/pipeline/pipelineData/parameters/parameter/csvValues/selected                arc_pipelineParameterData19		arc_pipelineParameterData.csvvalues_selected
arc:project_descendant/pipeline/pipelineData/parameters/parameter/description                       arc_pipelineParameterData20		arc_pipelineParameterData.description
arc:project_descendant/pipeline/pipelineData/parameters/parameter/name                              arc_pipelineParameterData21		arc_pipelineParameterData.name
arc:project_descendant/pipeline/pipelineData/parameters/parameter/multipleValues                    arc_pipelineParameterData22		arc_pipelineParameterData.multiplevalues
arc:project_descendant/pipeline/pipelineData/parameters/parameter/editable                          arc_pipelineParameterData23		arc_pipelineParameterData.editable
arc:project_descendant/pipeline/pipelineData/parameters/parameter/batchParam                        arc_pipelineParameterData24		arc_pipelineParameterData.batchparam
arc:project_descendant/pipeline/pipelineData/parameters/parameter/pipelineparameterdata_info        arc_pipelineParameterData25		arc_pipelineParameterData.pipelineparameterdata_info
arc:project_descendant/pipeline/pipelineData/parameters/parameter/arc_pipelineParameterData_id      arc_pipelineParameterData26		arc_pipelineParameterData.arc_pipelineparameterdata_id
arc:project_descendant/pipeline/pipelineData/parameters/parameter/parameters_parameter_arc_pipeli_arc_pipelinedata_id	arc_pipelineParameterData27		arc_pipelineParameterData.parameters_parameter_arc_pipeli_arc_pipelinedata_id
arc:project_descendant/pipeline/pipelineData/parameters/parameter/meta/xft_version                  arc_pipelineParameterData_meta_data28		arc_pipelineParameterData_meta_data.xft_version
arc:project_descendant/pipeline/pipelineData/parameters/parameter/meta/last_modified                arc_pipelineParameterData_meta_data29		arc_pipelineParameterData_meta_data.last_modified
arc:project_descendant/pipeline/pipelineData/parameters/parameter/meta/status                       arc_pipelineParameterData_meta_data30		arc_pipelineParameterData_meta_data.status
arc:project_descendant/pipeline/pipelineData/parameters/parameter/meta/activation_date              arc_pipelineParameterData_meta_data31		arc_pipelineParameterData_meta_data.activation_date
arc:project_descendant/pipeline/pipelineData/parameters/parameter/meta/row_last_modified            arc_pipelineParameterData_meta_data32		arc_pipelineParameterData_meta_data.row_last_modified
arc:project_descendant/pipeline/pipelineData/parameters/parameter/meta/insert_date                  arc_pipelineParameterData_meta_data33		arc_pipelineParameterData_meta_data.insert_date
arc:project_descendant/pipeline/pipelineData/parameters/parameter/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id arc_pipelineParameterData_meta_data34		arc_pipelineParameterData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
arc:project_descendant/pipeline/pipelineData/parameters/parameter/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id     arc_pipelineParameterData_meta_data35		arc_pipelineParameterData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
arc:project_descendant/pipeline/pipelineData/parameters/parameter/meta/origin                       arc_pipelineParameterData_meta_data36		arc_pipelineParameterData_meta_data.origin
arc:project_descendant/pipeline/pipelineData/parameters/parameter/meta/modified                     arc_pipelineParameterData_meta_data37		arc_pipelineParameterData_meta_data.modified
arc:project_descendant/pipeline/pipelineData/parameters/parameter/meta/shareable                    arc_pipelineParameterData_meta_data38		arc_pipelineParameterData_meta_data.shareable
arc:project_descendant/pipeline/pipelineData/parameters/parameter/meta/meta_data_id                 arc_pipelineParameterData_meta_data39		arc_pipelineParameterData_meta_data.meta_data_id
arc:project_descendant/pipeline/pipelineData/extension_item/element_name                            xdat_meta_element40		xdat_meta_element.element_name
arc:project_descendant/pipeline/pipelineData/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id                    xdat_meta_element41		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
arc:project_descendant/pipeline/pipelineData/meta/xft_version                                       arc_pipelineData_meta_data42		arc_pipelineData_meta_data.xft_version
arc:project_descendant/pipeline/pipelineData/meta/last_modified                                     arc_pipelineData_meta_data43		arc_pipelineData_meta_data.last_modified
arc:project_descendant/pipeline/pipelineData/meta/status                                            arc_pipelineData_meta_data44		arc_pipelineData_meta_data.status
arc:project_descendant/pipeline/pipelineData/meta/activation_date                                   arc_pipelineData_meta_data45		arc_pipelineData_meta_data.activation_date
arc:project_descendant/pipeline/pipelineData/meta/row_last_modified                                 arc_pipelineData_meta_data46		arc_pipelineData_meta_data.row_last_modified
arc:project_descendant/pipeline/pipelineData/meta/insert_date                                       arc_pipelineData_meta_data47		arc_pipelineData_meta_data.insert_date
arc:project_descendant/pipeline/pipelineData/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                      arc_pipelineData_meta_data48		arc_pipelineData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
arc:project_descendant/pipeline/pipelineData/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                          arc_pipelineData_meta_data49		arc_pipelineData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
arc:project_descendant/pipeline/pipelineData/meta/origin                                            arc_pipelineData_meta_data50		arc_pipelineData_meta_data.origin
arc:project_descendant/pipeline/pipelineData/meta/modified                                          arc_pipelineData_meta_data51		arc_pipelineData_meta_data.modified
arc:project_descendant/pipeline/pipelineData/meta/shareable                                         arc_pipelineData_meta_data52		arc_pipelineData_meta_data.shareable
arc:project_descendant/pipeline/pipelineData/meta/meta_data_id                                      arc_pipelineData_meta_data53		arc_pipelineData_meta_data.meta_data_id
arc:project_descendant/pipeline/meta/xft_version                                                    arc_project_descendant_pipeline_meta_data54		arc_project_descendant_pipeline_meta_data.xft_version
arc:project_descendant/pipeline/meta/last_modified                                                  arc_project_descendant_pipeline_meta_data55		arc_project_descendant_pipeline_meta_data.last_modified
arc:project_descendant/pipeline/meta/status                                                         arc_project_descendant_pipeline_meta_data56		arc_project_descendant_pipeline_meta_data.status
arc:project_descendant/pipeline/meta/activation_date                                                arc_project_descendant_pipeline_meta_data57		arc_project_descendant_pipeline_meta_data.activation_date
arc:project_descendant/pipeline/meta/row_last_modified                                              arc_project_descendant_pipeline_meta_data58		arc_project_descendant_pipeline_meta_data.row_last_modified
arc:project_descendant/pipeline/meta/insert_date                                                    arc_project_descendant_pipeline_meta_data59		arc_project_descendant_pipeline_meta_data.insert_date
arc:project_descendant/pipeline/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                                   arc_project_descendant_pipeline_meta_data60		arc_project_descendant_pipeline_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
arc:project_descendant/pipeline/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                                       arc_project_descendant_pipeline_meta_data61		arc_project_descendant_pipeline_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
arc:project_descendant/pipeline/meta/origin                                                         arc_project_descendant_pipeline_meta_data62		arc_project_descendant_pipeline_meta_data.origin
arc:project_descendant/pipeline/meta/modified                                                       arc_project_descendant_pipeline_meta_data63		arc_project_descendant_pipeline_meta_data.modified
arc:project_descendant/pipeline/meta/shareable                                                      arc_project_descendant_pipeline_meta_data64		arc_project_descendant_pipeline_meta_data.shareable
arc:project_descendant/pipeline/meta/meta_data_id                                                   arc_project_descendant_pipeline_meta_data65		arc_project_descendant_pipeline_meta_data.meta_data_id
arc:project_descendant/meta/xft_version                                                             arc_project_descendant_meta_data66		arc_project_descendant_meta_data.xft_version
arc:project_descendant/meta/last_modified                                                           arc_project_descendant_meta_data67		arc_project_descendant_meta_data.last_modified
arc:project_descendant/meta/status                                                                  arc_project_descendant_meta_data68		arc_project_descendant_meta_data.status
arc:project_descendant/meta/activation_date                                                         arc_project_descendant_meta_data69		arc_project_descendant_meta_data.activation_date
arc:project_descendant/meta/row_last_modified                                                       arc_project_descendant_meta_data70		arc_project_descendant_meta_data.row_last_modified
arc:project_descendant/meta/insert_date                                                             arc_project_descendant_meta_data71		arc_project_descendant_meta_data.insert_date
arc:project_descendant/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                                            arc_project_descendant_meta_data72		arc_project_descendant_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
arc:project_descendant/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                                                arc_project_descendant_meta_data73		arc_project_descendant_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
arc:project_descendant/meta/origin                                                                  arc_project_descendant_meta_data74		arc_project_descendant_meta_data.origin
arc:project_descendant/meta/modified                                                                arc_project_descendant_meta_data75		arc_project_descendant_meta_data.modified
arc:project_descendant/meta/shareable                                                               arc_project_descendant_meta_data76		arc_project_descendant_meta_data.shareable
arc:project_descendant/meta/meta_data_id                                                            arc_project_descendant_meta_data77		arc_project_descendant_meta_data.meta_data_id
