

*********************************************

ac_s_ext_clinicalAssessmentData_r
(ACTIVE - MULTIPLE - ROOT)

ext:clinicalAssessmentData/id                                                                       ext_clinicalAssessmentData0		xnat_experimentData.id
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/BloodPressure/HighBP_CS_Bool                                             ext_clinicalAssessmentData1		ext_clinicalAssessmentData.bloodpressure_highbp_cs_bool
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/BloodPressure/systolic                                                   ext_clinicalAssessmentData2		ext_clinicalAssessmentData.bloodpressure_systolic
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/BloodPressure/diastolic                                                  ext_clinicalAssessmentData3		ext_clinicalAssessmentData.bloodpressure_diastolic
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/Neuro/SBT                                                                ext_clinicalAssessmentData4		ext_clinicalAssessmentData.neuro_sbt
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/Neuro/MMSE                                                               ext_clinicalAssessmentData5		ext_clinicalAssessmentData.neuro_mmse
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/Neuro/Bdsc                                                               ext_clinicalAssessmentData6		ext_clinicalAssessmentData.neuro_bdsc
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/Neuro/CDR/memory                                                         ext_clinicalAssessmentData7		ext_clinicalAssessmentData.neuro_cdr_memory
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/Neuro/CDR/orientation                                                    ext_clinicalAssessmentData8		ext_clinicalAssessmentData.neuro_cdr_orientation
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/Neuro/CDR/judgment_problem_solving                                       ext_clinicalAssessmentData9		ext_clinicalAssessmentData.neuro_cdr_judgment_problem_solving
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/Neuro/CDR/community_affairs                                              ext_clinicalAssessmentData10		ext_clinicalAssessmentData.neuro_cdr_community_affairs
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/Neuro/CDR/home_hobbies                                                   ext_clinicalAssessmentData11		ext_clinicalAssessmentData.neuro_cdr_home_hobbies
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/Neuro/CDR/personal_care                                                  ext_clinicalAssessmentData12		ext_clinicalAssessmentData.neuro_cdr_personal_care
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/Neuro/CDR/sumbox                                                         ext_clinicalAssessmentData13		ext_clinicalAssessmentData.neuro_cdr_sumbox
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/Neuro/CDR/rating                                                         ext_clinicalAssessmentData14		ext_clinicalAssessmentData.neuro_cdr_rating
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/Neuro/ThinkingProblem_S_Bool                                             ext_clinicalAssessmentData15		ext_clinicalAssessmentData.neuro_thinkingproblem_s_bool
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/Neuro/ThinkingProblem_CS_Bool                                            ext_clinicalAssessmentData16		ext_clinicalAssessmentData.neuro_thinkingproblem_cs_bool
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/Neuro/ConsMemoryProblem_Bool                                             ext_clinicalAssessmentData17		ext_clinicalAssessmentData.neuro_consmemoryproblem_bool
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/Neuro/StrokeBool                                                         ext_clinicalAssessmentData18		ext_clinicalAssessmentData.neuro_strokebool
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/Neuro/Sx_Stroke_Bool                                                     ext_clinicalAssessmentData19		ext_clinicalAssessmentData.neuro_sx_stroke_bool
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/Neuro/Sx_Tia_Bool                                                        ext_clinicalAssessmentData20		ext_clinicalAssessmentData.neuro_sx_tia_bool
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/Movement/Spasticity_Bool                                                 ext_clinicalAssessmentData21		ext_clinicalAssessmentData.movement_spasticity_bool
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/Movement/Rigid                                                           ext_clinicalAssessmentData22		ext_clinicalAssessmentData.movement_rigid
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/Movement/Bradyk_Bool                                                     ext_clinicalAssessmentData23		ext_clinicalAssessmentData.movement_bradyk_bool
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/Movement/Gait                                                            ext_clinicalAssessmentData24		ext_clinicalAssessmentData.movement_gait
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/Movement/AbnormalGait_Bool                                               ext_clinicalAssessmentData25		ext_clinicalAssessmentData.movement_abnormalgait_bool
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/Weight                                                                   ext_clinicalAssessmentData26		ext_clinicalAssessmentData.weight
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/Diabetes_Bool                                                            ext_clinicalAssessmentData27		ext_clinicalAssessmentData.diabetes_bool
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/HeartProblems_Bool                                                       ext_clinicalAssessmentData28		ext_clinicalAssessmentData.heartproblems_bool
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/TobaccoUse_Bool                                                          ext_clinicalAssessmentData29		ext_clinicalAssessmentData.tobaccouse_bool
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/clinicalassessmentdata_info                                              ext_clinicalAssessmentData30		ext_clinicalAssessmentData.clinicalassessmentdata_info
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/id                                                   xnat_subjectAssessorData31		xnat_experimentData.id
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/subject_ID                                           xnat_subjectAssessorData32		xnat_subjectAssessorData.subject_id
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/age                                                  xnat_subjectAssessorData33		xnat_subjectAssessorData.age
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/subjectassessordata_info                             xnat_subjectAssessorData34		xnat_subjectAssessorData.subjectassessordata_info
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/date                                  xnat_experimentData35		xnat_experimentData.date
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/time                                  xnat_experimentData36		xnat_experimentData.time
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/duration                              xnat_experimentData37		xnat_experimentData.duration
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/delay                                 xnat_experimentData38		xnat_experimentData.delay
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/delay/ref_expt_id                     xnat_experimentData39		xnat_experimentData.delay_ref_expt_id
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/note                                  xnat_experimentData40		xnat_experimentData.note
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator_xnat_investigatordata_id xnat_experimentData41		xnat_experimentData.investigator_xnat_investigatordata_id
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation_xnat_validationdata_id     xnat_experimentData42		xnat_experimentData.validation_xnat_validationdata_id
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/acquisition_site                      xnat_experimentData43		xnat_experimentData.acquisition_site
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/ID                                    xnat_experimentData44		xnat_experimentData.id
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/project                               xnat_experimentData45		xnat_experimentData.project
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/visit_id                              xnat_experimentData46		xnat_experimentData.visit_id
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/visit                                 xnat_experimentData47		xnat_experimentData.visit
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/version                               xnat_experimentData48		xnat_experimentData.version
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/original                              xnat_experimentData49		xnat_experimentData.original
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/protocol                              xnat_experimentData50		xnat_experimentData.protocol
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/label                                 xnat_experimentData51		xnat_experimentData.label
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/extension                             xnat_experimentData52		xnat_experimentData.extension
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/experimentdata_info                   xnat_experimentData53		xnat_experimentData.experimentdata_info
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/share                   xnat_experimentData_share54		xnat_experimentData_share.share
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/label                   xnat_experimentData_share55		xnat_experimentData_share.label
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/project                 xnat_experimentData_share56		xnat_experimentData_share.project
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/visit                   xnat_experimentData_share57		xnat_experimentData_share.visit
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/protocol                xnat_experimentData_share58		xnat_experimentData_share.protocol
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/experimentdata_share_info	xnat_experimentData_share59		xnat_experimentData_share.experimentdata_share_info
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/xnat_experimentData_share_id	xnat_experimentData_share60		xnat_experimentData_share.xnat_experimentdata_share_id
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/sharing_share_xnat_experimentda_id	xnat_experimentData_share61		xnat_experimentData_share.sharing_share_xnat_experimentda_id
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/xft_version        xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data62		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.xft_version
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/last_modified      xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data63		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.last_modified
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/status             xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data64		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.status
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/activation_date    xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data65		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.activation_date
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/row_last_modified  xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data66		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.row_last_modified
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/insert_date        xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data67		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.insert_date
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data68		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data69		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/origin             xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data70		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.origin
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/modified           xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data71		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.modified
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/shareable          xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data72		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.shareable
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/meta_data_id       xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data73		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.meta_data_id
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/title                    xnat_investigatorData74		xnat_investigatorData.title
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/firstname                xnat_investigatorData75		xnat_investigatorData.firstname
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/lastname                 xnat_investigatorData76		xnat_investigatorData.lastname
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/institution              xnat_investigatorData77		xnat_investigatorData.institution
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/department               xnat_investigatorData78		xnat_investigatorData.department
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/email                    xnat_investigatorData79		xnat_investigatorData.email
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/phone                    xnat_investigatorData80		xnat_investigatorData.phone
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/ID                       xnat_investigatorData81		xnat_investigatorData.id
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/investigatordata_info    xnat_investigatorData82		xnat_investigatorData.investigatordata_info
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/xnat_investigatorData_id xnat_investigatorData83		xnat_investigatorData.xnat_investigatordata_id
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/xft_version         xnat_investigatorData_meta_data84		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.xft_version
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/last_modified       xnat_investigatorData_meta_data85		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.last_modified
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/status              xnat_investigatorData_meta_data86		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.status
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/activation_date     xnat_investigatorData_meta_data87		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.activation_date
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/row_last_modified   xnat_investigatorData_meta_data88		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.row_last_modified
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/insert_date         xnat_investigatorData_meta_data89		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.insert_date
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data90		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data91		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/origin              xnat_investigatorData_meta_data92		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.origin
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/modified            xnat_investigatorData_meta_data93		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.modified
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/shareable           xnat_investigatorData_meta_data94		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.shareable
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/meta_data_id        xnat_investigatorData_meta_data95		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.meta_data_id
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/method                     xnat_validationData96		xnat_validationData.method
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/date                       xnat_validationData97		xnat_validationData.date
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/notes                      xnat_validationData98		xnat_validationData.notes
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/validated_by               xnat_validationData99		xnat_validationData.validated_by
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/status                     xnat_validationData100		xnat_validationData.status
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/validationdata_info        xnat_validationData101		xnat_validationData.validationdata_info
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/xnat_validationData_id     xnat_validationData102		xnat_validationData.xnat_validationdata_id
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/xft_version           xnat_validationData_meta_data103		xnat_validationData_meta_data.xft_version
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/last_modified         xnat_validationData_meta_data104		xnat_validationData_meta_data.last_modified
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/status                xnat_validationData_meta_data105		xnat_validationData_meta_data.status
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/activation_date       xnat_validationData_meta_data106		xnat_validationData_meta_data.activation_date
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/row_last_modified     xnat_validationData_meta_data107		xnat_validationData_meta_data.row_last_modified
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/insert_date           xnat_validationData_meta_data108		xnat_validationData_meta_data.insert_date
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_validationData_meta_data109		xnat_validationData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_validationData_meta_data110		xnat_validationData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/origin                xnat_validationData_meta_data111		xnat_validationData_meta_data.origin
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/modified              xnat_validationData_meta_data112		xnat_validationData_meta_data.modified
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/shareable             xnat_validationData_meta_data113		xnat_validationData_meta_data.shareable
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/meta_data_id          xnat_validationData_meta_data114		xnat_validationData_meta_data.meta_data_id
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/note               xnat_abstractResource115		xnat_abstractResource.note
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/label              xnat_abstractResource116		xnat_abstractResource.label
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/file_count         xnat_abstractResource117		xnat_abstractResource.file_count
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/file_size          xnat_abstractResource118		xnat_abstractResource.file_size
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/extension          xnat_abstractResource119		xnat_abstractResource.extension
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/abstractresource_info	xnat_abstractResource120		xnat_abstractResource.abstractresource_info
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/xnat_abstractResource_id	xnat_abstractResource121		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_abstractresource_id
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id	xnat_abstractResource122		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/tag       xnat_abstractResource_tag123		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tag
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/name      xnat_abstractResource_tag124		xnat_abstractResource_tag.name
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/abstractresource_tag_info	xnat_abstractResource_tag125		xnat_abstractResource_tag.abstractresource_tag_info
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/xnat_abstractResource_tag_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag126		xnat_abstractResource_tag.xnat_abstractresource_tag_id
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag127		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/xft_version	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data128		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.xft_version
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/last_modified	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data129		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.last_modified
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/status	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data130		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.status
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/activation_date	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data131		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_date
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data132		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.row_last_modified
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/insert_date	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data133		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_date
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data134		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data135		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/origin	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data136		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.origin
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/modified	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data137		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.modified
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/shareable	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data138		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.shareable
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/meta_data_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data139		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.meta_data_id
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/extension_item/element_name	xdat_meta_element140		xdat_meta_element.element_name
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id	xdat_meta_element141		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/xft_version   xnat_abstractResource_meta_data142		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.xft_version
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/last_modified xnat_abstractResource_meta_data143		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.last_modified
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/status        xnat_abstractResource_meta_data144		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.status
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/activation_date	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data145		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_date
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data146		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.row_last_modified
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/insert_date   xnat_abstractResource_meta_data147		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_date
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data148		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data149		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/origin        xnat_abstractResource_meta_data150		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.origin
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/modified      xnat_abstractResource_meta_data151		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.modified
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/shareable     xnat_abstractResource_meta_data152		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.shareable
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/meta_data_id  xnat_abstractResource_meta_data153		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.meta_data_id
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/field                    xnat_experimentData_field154		xnat_experimentData_field.field
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/name                     xnat_experimentData_field155		xnat_experimentData_field.name
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/experimentdata_field_info	xnat_experimentData_field156		xnat_experimentData_field.experimentdata_field_info
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/xnat_experimentData_field_id	xnat_experimentData_field157		xnat_experimentData_field.xnat_experimentdata_field_id
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/fields_field_xnat_experimentdat_id	xnat_experimentData_field158		xnat_experimentData_field.fields_field_xnat_experimentdat_id
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/xft_version         xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data159		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.xft_version
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/last_modified       xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data160		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.last_modified
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/status              xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data161		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.status
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/activation_date     xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data162		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.activation_date
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/row_last_modified   xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data163		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.row_last_modified
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/insert_date         xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data164		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.insert_date
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data165		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data166		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/origin              xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data167		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.origin
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/modified            xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data168		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.modified
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/shareable           xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data169		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.shareable
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/meta_data_id        xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data170		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.meta_data_id
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/extension_item/element_name           xdat_meta_element171		xdat_meta_element.element_name
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id   xdat_meta_element172		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/xft_version                      xnat_experimentData_meta_data173		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.xft_version
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/last_modified                    xnat_experimentData_meta_data174		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.last_modified
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/status                           xnat_experimentData_meta_data175		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.status
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/activation_date                  xnat_experimentData_meta_data176		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.activation_date
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/row_last_modified                xnat_experimentData_meta_data177		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.row_last_modified
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/insert_date                      xnat_experimentData_meta_data178		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.insert_date
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id     xnat_experimentData_meta_data179		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id         xnat_experimentData_meta_data180		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/origin                           xnat_experimentData_meta_data181		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.origin
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/modified                         xnat_experimentData_meta_data182		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.modified
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/shareable                        xnat_experimentData_meta_data183		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.shareable
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/meta_data_id                     xnat_experimentData_meta_data184		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.meta_data_id
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/meta/xft_version                                     xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data185		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.xft_version
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/meta/last_modified                                   xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data186		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.last_modified
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/meta/status                                          xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data187		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.status
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/meta/activation_date                                 xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data188		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.activation_date
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/meta/row_last_modified                               xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data189		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.row_last_modified
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/meta/insert_date                                     xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data190		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.insert_date
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                    xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data191		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                        xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data192		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/meta/origin                                          xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data193		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.origin
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/meta/modified                                        xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data194		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.modified
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/meta/shareable                                       xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data195		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.shareable
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/subjectAssessorData/meta/meta_data_id                                    xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data196		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.meta_data_id
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/Diagnosis/Diagnosis                                                      ext_clinicalAssessmentData_Diagnosis197		ext_clinicalAssessmentData_Diagnosis.diagnosis
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/Diagnosis/type                                                           ext_clinicalAssessmentData_Diagnosis198		ext_clinicalAssessmentData_Diagnosis.type
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/Diagnosis/number                                                         ext_clinicalAssessmentData_Diagnosis199		ext_clinicalAssessmentData_Diagnosis.number
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/Diagnosis/clinicalassessmentdata_diagnosis_info                          ext_clinicalAssessmentData_Diagnosis200		ext_clinicalAssessmentData_Diagnosis.clinicalassessmentdata_diagnosis_info
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/Diagnosis/ext_clinicalAssessmentData_Diagnosis_id                        ext_clinicalAssessmentData_Diagnosis201		ext_clinicalAssessmentData_Diagnosis.ext_clinicalassessmentdata_diagnosis_id
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/Diagnosis/ext_clinicalassessmentdata_id                                  ext_clinicalAssessmentData_Diagnosis202		ext_clinicalAssessmentData_Diagnosis.ext_clinicalassessmentdata_id
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/Diagnosis/meta/xft_version                                               ext_clinicalAssessmentData_Diagnosis_meta_data203		ext_clinicalAssessmentData_Diagnosis_meta_data.xft_version
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/Diagnosis/meta/last_modified                                             ext_clinicalAssessmentData_Diagnosis_meta_data204		ext_clinicalAssessmentData_Diagnosis_meta_data.last_modified
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/Diagnosis/meta/status                                                    ext_clinicalAssessmentData_Diagnosis_meta_data205		ext_clinicalAssessmentData_Diagnosis_meta_data.status
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/Diagnosis/meta/activation_date                                           ext_clinicalAssessmentData_Diagnosis_meta_data206		ext_clinicalAssessmentData_Diagnosis_meta_data.activation_date
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/Diagnosis/meta/row_last_modified                                         ext_clinicalAssessmentData_Diagnosis_meta_data207		ext_clinicalAssessmentData_Diagnosis_meta_data.row_last_modified
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/Diagnosis/meta/insert_date                                               ext_clinicalAssessmentData_Diagnosis_meta_data208		ext_clinicalAssessmentData_Diagnosis_meta_data.insert_date
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/Diagnosis/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                              ext_clinicalAssessmentData_Diagnosis_meta_data209		ext_clinicalAssessmentData_Diagnosis_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/Diagnosis/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                                  ext_clinicalAssessmentData_Diagnosis_meta_data210		ext_clinicalAssessmentData_Diagnosis_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/Diagnosis/meta/origin                                                    ext_clinicalAssessmentData_Diagnosis_meta_data211		ext_clinicalAssessmentData_Diagnosis_meta_data.origin
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/Diagnosis/meta/modified                                                  ext_clinicalAssessmentData_Diagnosis_meta_data212		ext_clinicalAssessmentData_Diagnosis_meta_data.modified
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/Diagnosis/meta/shareable                                                 ext_clinicalAssessmentData_Diagnosis_meta_data213		ext_clinicalAssessmentData_Diagnosis_meta_data.shareable
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/Diagnosis/meta/meta_data_id                                              ext_clinicalAssessmentData_Diagnosis_meta_data214		ext_clinicalAssessmentData_Diagnosis_meta_data.meta_data_id
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/Medication/name                                                          ext_clinicalAssessmentData_Medication215		ext_clinicalAssessmentData_Medication.name
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/Medication/type                                                          ext_clinicalAssessmentData_Medication216		ext_clinicalAssessmentData_Medication.type
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/Medication/dose                                                          ext_clinicalAssessmentData_Medication217		ext_clinicalAssessmentData_Medication.dose
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/Medication/history                                                       ext_clinicalAssessmentData_Medication218		ext_clinicalAssessmentData_Medication.history
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/Medication/clinicalassessmentdata_medication_info                        ext_clinicalAssessmentData_Medication219		ext_clinicalAssessmentData_Medication.clinicalassessmentdata_medication_info
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/Medication/ext_clinicalAssessmentData_Medication_id                      ext_clinicalAssessmentData_Medication220		ext_clinicalAssessmentData_Medication.ext_clinicalassessmentdata_medication_id
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/Medication/ext_clinicalassessmentdata_id                                 ext_clinicalAssessmentData_Medication221		ext_clinicalAssessmentData_Medication.ext_clinicalassessmentdata_id
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/Medication/meta/xft_version                                              ext_clinicalAssessmentData_Medication_meta_data222		ext_clinicalAssessmentData_Medication_meta_data.xft_version
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/Medication/meta/last_modified                                            ext_clinicalAssessmentData_Medication_meta_data223		ext_clinicalAssessmentData_Medication_meta_data.last_modified
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/Medication/meta/status                                                   ext_clinicalAssessmentData_Medication_meta_data224		ext_clinicalAssessmentData_Medication_meta_data.status
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/Medication/meta/activation_date                                          ext_clinicalAssessmentData_Medication_meta_data225		ext_clinicalAssessmentData_Medication_meta_data.activation_date
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/Medication/meta/row_last_modified                                        ext_clinicalAssessmentData_Medication_meta_data226		ext_clinicalAssessmentData_Medication_meta_data.row_last_modified
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/Medication/meta/insert_date                                              ext_clinicalAssessmentData_Medication_meta_data227		ext_clinicalAssessmentData_Medication_meta_data.insert_date
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/Medication/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                             ext_clinicalAssessmentData_Medication_meta_data228		ext_clinicalAssessmentData_Medication_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/Medication/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                                 ext_clinicalAssessmentData_Medication_meta_data229		ext_clinicalAssessmentData_Medication_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/Medication/meta/origin                                                   ext_clinicalAssessmentData_Medication_meta_data230		ext_clinicalAssessmentData_Medication_meta_data.origin
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/Medication/meta/modified                                                 ext_clinicalAssessmentData_Medication_meta_data231		ext_clinicalAssessmentData_Medication_meta_data.modified
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/Medication/meta/shareable                                                ext_clinicalAssessmentData_Medication_meta_data232		ext_clinicalAssessmentData_Medication_meta_data.shareable
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/Medication/meta/meta_data_id                                             ext_clinicalAssessmentData_Medication_meta_data233		ext_clinicalAssessmentData_Medication_meta_data.meta_data_id
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/meta/xft_version                                                         ext_clinicalAssessmentData_meta_data234		ext_clinicalAssessmentData_meta_data.xft_version
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/meta/last_modified                                                       ext_clinicalAssessmentData_meta_data235		ext_clinicalAssessmentData_meta_data.last_modified
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/meta/status                                                              ext_clinicalAssessmentData_meta_data236		ext_clinicalAssessmentData_meta_data.status
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/meta/activation_date                                                     ext_clinicalAssessmentData_meta_data237		ext_clinicalAssessmentData_meta_data.activation_date
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/meta/row_last_modified                                                   ext_clinicalAssessmentData_meta_data238		ext_clinicalAssessmentData_meta_data.row_last_modified
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/meta/insert_date                                                         ext_clinicalAssessmentData_meta_data239		ext_clinicalAssessmentData_meta_data.insert_date
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                                        ext_clinicalAssessmentData_meta_data240		ext_clinicalAssessmentData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                                            ext_clinicalAssessmentData_meta_data241		ext_clinicalAssessmentData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/meta/origin                                                              ext_clinicalAssessmentData_meta_data242		ext_clinicalAssessmentData_meta_data.origin
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/meta/modified                                                            ext_clinicalAssessmentData_meta_data243		ext_clinicalAssessmentData_meta_data.modified
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/meta/shareable                                                           ext_clinicalAssessmentData_meta_data244		ext_clinicalAssessmentData_meta_data.shareable
ext:clinicalAssessmentData/meta/meta_data_id                                                        ext_clinicalAssessmentData_meta_data245		ext_clinicalAssessmentData_meta_data.meta_data_id
