

*********************************************

ac_s_scr_screeningAssessment_r
(ACTIVE - MULTIPLE - ROOT)

scr:screeningAssessment/id                                                                          scr_screeningAssessment0		xnat_experimentData.id
scr:screeningAssessment/rater                                                                       scr_screeningAssessment1		scr_screeningAssessment.rater
scr:screeningAssessment/comments                                                                    scr_screeningAssessment2		scr_screeningAssessment.comments
scr:screeningAssessment/pass                                                                        scr_screeningAssessment3		scr_screeningAssessment.pass
scr:screeningAssessment/screeningassessment_info                                                    scr_screeningAssessment4		scr_screeningAssessment.screeningassessment_info
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/id                                                        xnat_imageAssessorData5		xnat_experimentData.id
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/imageSession_ID                                           xnat_imageAssessorData6		xnat_imageAssessorData.imagesession_id
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/imageassessordata_info                                    xnat_imageAssessorData7		xnat_imageAssessorData.imageassessordata_info
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/id                                            xnat_derivedData8		xnat_experimentData.id
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance_prov_process_id                    xnat_derivedData9		xnat_derivedData.provenance_prov_process_id
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/deriveddata_info                              xnat_derivedData10		xnat_derivedData.deriveddata_info
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/date                           xnat_experimentData11		xnat_experimentData.date
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/time                           xnat_experimentData12		xnat_experimentData.time
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/duration                       xnat_experimentData13		xnat_experimentData.duration
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/delay                          xnat_experimentData14		xnat_experimentData.delay
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/delay/ref_expt_id              xnat_experimentData15		xnat_experimentData.delay_ref_expt_id
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/note                           xnat_experimentData16		xnat_experimentData.note
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator_xnat_investigatordata_id	xnat_experimentData17		xnat_experimentData.investigator_xnat_investigatordata_id
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation_xnat_validationdata_id	xnat_experimentData18		xnat_experimentData.validation_xnat_validationdata_id
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/acquisition_site               xnat_experimentData19		xnat_experimentData.acquisition_site
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/ID                             xnat_experimentData20		xnat_experimentData.id
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/project                        xnat_experimentData21		xnat_experimentData.project
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/visit_id                       xnat_experimentData22		xnat_experimentData.visit_id
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/visit                          xnat_experimentData23		xnat_experimentData.visit
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/version                        xnat_experimentData24		xnat_experimentData.version
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/original                       xnat_experimentData25		xnat_experimentData.original
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/protocol                       xnat_experimentData26		xnat_experimentData.protocol
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/label                          xnat_experimentData27		xnat_experimentData.label
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/extension                      xnat_experimentData28		xnat_experimentData.extension
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/experimentdata_info            xnat_experimentData29		xnat_experimentData.experimentdata_info
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/share            xnat_experimentData_share30		xnat_experimentData_share.share
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/label            xnat_experimentData_share31		xnat_experimentData_share.label
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/project          xnat_experimentData_share32		xnat_experimentData_share.project
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/visit            xnat_experimentData_share33		xnat_experimentData_share.visit
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/protocol         xnat_experimentData_share34		xnat_experimentData_share.protocol
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/experimentdata_share_info	xnat_experimentData_share35		xnat_experimentData_share.experimentdata_share_info
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/xnat_experimentData_share_id	xnat_experimentData_share36		xnat_experimentData_share.xnat_experimentdata_share_id
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/sharing_share_xnat_experimentda_id	xnat_experimentData_share37		xnat_experimentData_share.sharing_share_xnat_experimentda_id
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/xft_version xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data38		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.xft_version
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/last_modified	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data39		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.last_modified
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/status      xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data40		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.status
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/activation_date	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data41		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.activation_date
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data42		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.row_last_modified
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/insert_date xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data43		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.insert_date
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data44		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data45		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/origin      xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data46		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.origin
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/modified    xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data47		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.modified
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/shareable   xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data48		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.shareable
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/meta_data_id	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data49		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.meta_data_id
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/title             xnat_investigatorData50		xnat_investigatorData.title
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/firstname         xnat_investigatorData51		xnat_investigatorData.firstname
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/lastname          xnat_investigatorData52		xnat_investigatorData.lastname
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/institution       xnat_investigatorData53		xnat_investigatorData.institution
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/department        xnat_investigatorData54		xnat_investigatorData.department
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/email             xnat_investigatorData55		xnat_investigatorData.email
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/phone             xnat_investigatorData56		xnat_investigatorData.phone
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/ID                xnat_investigatorData57		xnat_investigatorData.id
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/investigatordata_info	xnat_investigatorData58		xnat_investigatorData.investigatordata_info
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/xnat_investigatorData_id	xnat_investigatorData59		xnat_investigatorData.xnat_investigatordata_id
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/xft_version  xnat_investigatorData_meta_data60		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.xft_version
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/last_modified	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data61		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.last_modified
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/status       xnat_investigatorData_meta_data62		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.status
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/activation_date	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data63		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.activation_date
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data64		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.row_last_modified
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/insert_date  xnat_investigatorData_meta_data65		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.insert_date
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data66		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data67		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/origin       xnat_investigatorData_meta_data68		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.origin
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/modified     xnat_investigatorData_meta_data69		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.modified
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/shareable    xnat_investigatorData_meta_data70		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.shareable
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/meta_data_id xnat_investigatorData_meta_data71		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.meta_data_id
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/method              xnat_validationData72		xnat_validationData.method
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/date                xnat_validationData73		xnat_validationData.date
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/notes               xnat_validationData74		xnat_validationData.notes
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/validated_by        xnat_validationData75		xnat_validationData.validated_by
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/status              xnat_validationData76		xnat_validationData.status
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/validationdata_info xnat_validationData77		xnat_validationData.validationdata_info
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/xnat_validationData_id	xnat_validationData78		xnat_validationData.xnat_validationdata_id
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/xft_version    xnat_validationData_meta_data79		xnat_validationData_meta_data.xft_version
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/last_modified  xnat_validationData_meta_data80		xnat_validationData_meta_data.last_modified
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/status         xnat_validationData_meta_data81		xnat_validationData_meta_data.status
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/activation_date	xnat_validationData_meta_data82		xnat_validationData_meta_data.activation_date
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_validationData_meta_data83		xnat_validationData_meta_data.row_last_modified
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/insert_date    xnat_validationData_meta_data84		xnat_validationData_meta_data.insert_date
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_validationData_meta_data85		xnat_validationData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_validationData_meta_data86		xnat_validationData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/origin         xnat_validationData_meta_data87		xnat_validationData_meta_data.origin
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/modified       xnat_validationData_meta_data88		xnat_validationData_meta_data.modified
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/shareable      xnat_validationData_meta_data89		xnat_validationData_meta_data.shareable
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/meta_data_id   xnat_validationData_meta_data90		xnat_validationData_meta_data.meta_data_id
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/note        xnat_abstractResource91		xnat_abstractResource.note
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/label       xnat_abstractResource92		xnat_abstractResource.label
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/file_count  xnat_abstractResource93		xnat_abstractResource.file_count
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/file_size   xnat_abstractResource94		xnat_abstractResource.file_size
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/extension   xnat_abstractResource95		xnat_abstractResource.extension
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/abstractresource_info	xnat_abstractResource96		xnat_abstractResource.abstractresource_info
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/xnat_abstractResource_id	xnat_abstractResource97		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_abstractresource_id
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id	xnat_abstractResource98		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/tag	xnat_abstractResource_tag99		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tag
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/name	xnat_abstractResource_tag100		xnat_abstractResource_tag.name
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/abstractresource_tag_info	xnat_abstractResource_tag101		xnat_abstractResource_tag.abstractresource_tag_info
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/xnat_abstractResource_tag_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag102		xnat_abstractResource_tag.xnat_abstractresource_tag_id
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag103		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/xft_version	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data104		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.xft_version
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/last_modified	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data105		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.last_modified
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/status	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data106		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.status
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/activation_date	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data107		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_date
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data108		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.row_last_modified
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/insert_date	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data109		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_date
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data110		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data111		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/origin	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data112		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.origin
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/modified	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data113		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.modified
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/shareable	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data114		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.shareable
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/meta_data_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data115		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.meta_data_id
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/extension_item/element_name	xdat_meta_element116		xdat_meta_element.element_name
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id	xdat_meta_element117		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/xft_version	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data118		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.xft_version
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/last_modified	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data119		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.last_modified
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/status xnat_abstractResource_meta_data120		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.status
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/activation_date	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data121		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_date
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data122		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.row_last_modified
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/insert_date	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data123		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_date
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data124		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data125		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/origin xnat_abstractResource_meta_data126		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.origin
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/modified	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data127		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.modified
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/shareable	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data128		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.shareable
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/meta_data_id	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data129		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.meta_data_id
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/field             xnat_experimentData_field130		xnat_experimentData_field.field
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/name              xnat_experimentData_field131		xnat_experimentData_field.name
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/experimentdata_field_info	xnat_experimentData_field132		xnat_experimentData_field.experimentdata_field_info
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/xnat_experimentData_field_id	xnat_experimentData_field133		xnat_experimentData_field.xnat_experimentdata_field_id
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/fields_field_xnat_experimentdat_id	xnat_experimentData_field134		xnat_experimentData_field.fields_field_xnat_experimentdat_id
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/xft_version  xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data135		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.xft_version
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/last_modified	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data136		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.last_modified
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/status       xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data137		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.status
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/activation_date	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data138		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.activation_date
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data139		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.row_last_modified
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/insert_date  xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data140		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.insert_date
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data141		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data142		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/origin       xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data143		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.origin
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/modified     xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data144		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.modified
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/shareable    xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data145		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.shareable
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/meta_data_id xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data146		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.meta_data_id
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/extension_item/element_name    xdat_meta_element147		xdat_meta_element.element_name
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id	xdat_meta_element148		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/meta/xft_version               xnat_experimentData_meta_data149		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.xft_version
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/meta/last_modified             xnat_experimentData_meta_data150		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.last_modified
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/meta/status                    xnat_experimentData_meta_data151		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.status
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/meta/activation_date           xnat_experimentData_meta_data152		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.activation_date
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/meta/row_last_modified         xnat_experimentData_meta_data153		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.row_last_modified
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/meta/insert_date               xnat_experimentData_meta_data154		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.insert_date
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_experimentData_meta_data155		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id  xnat_experimentData_meta_data156		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/meta/origin                    xnat_experimentData_meta_data157		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.origin
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/meta/modified                  xnat_experimentData_meta_data158		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.modified
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/meta/shareable                 xnat_experimentData_meta_data159		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.shareable
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/meta/meta_data_id              xnat_experimentData_meta_data160		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.meta_data_id
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/process_info                       prov_process161		prov_process.process_info
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/prov_process_id                    prov_process162		prov_process.prov_process_id
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/program                prov_processStep163		prov_processStep.program
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/program/version        prov_processStep164		prov_processStep.program_version
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/program/arguments      prov_processStep165		prov_processStep.program_arguments
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/timestamp              prov_processStep166		prov_processStep.timestamp
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/cvs                    prov_processStep167		prov_processStep.cvs
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/user                   prov_processStep168		prov_processStep.user_name
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/machine                prov_processStep169		prov_processStep.machine
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/platform               prov_processStep170		prov_processStep.platform
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/platform/version       prov_processStep171		prov_processStep.platform_version
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/compiler               prov_processStep172		prov_processStep.compiler
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/compiler/version       prov_processStep173		prov_processStep.compiler_version
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/processstep_info       prov_processStep174		prov_processStep.processstep_info
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/prov_processStep_id    prov_processStep175		prov_processStep.prov_processstep_id
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/prov_process_prov_process_id	prov_processStep176		prov_processStep.prov_process_prov_process_id
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/library        prov_processStep_library177		prov_processStep_library.library
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/version        prov_processStep_library178		prov_processStep_library.version
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/processstep_library_info	prov_processStep_library179		prov_processStep_library.processstep_library_info
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/prov_processStep_library_id	prov_processStep_library180		prov_processStep_library.prov_processstep_library_id
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/prov_processstep_prov_processstep_id	prov_processStep_library181		prov_processStep_library.prov_processstep_prov_processstep_id
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/xft_version	prov_processStep_library_meta_data182		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.xft_version
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/last_modified	prov_processStep_library_meta_data183		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.last_modified
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/status    prov_processStep_library_meta_data184		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.status
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/activation_date	prov_processStep_library_meta_data185		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.activation_date
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/row_last_modified	prov_processStep_library_meta_data186		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.row_last_modified
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/insert_date	prov_processStep_library_meta_data187		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.insert_date
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	prov_processStep_library_meta_data188		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	prov_processStep_library_meta_data189		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/origin    prov_processStep_library_meta_data190		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.origin
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/modified  prov_processStep_library_meta_data191		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.modified
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/shareable prov_processStep_library_meta_data192		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.shareable
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/meta_data_id	prov_processStep_library_meta_data193		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.meta_data_id
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/xft_version       prov_processStep_meta_data194		prov_processStep_meta_data.xft_version
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/last_modified     prov_processStep_meta_data195		prov_processStep_meta_data.last_modified
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/status            prov_processStep_meta_data196		prov_processStep_meta_data.status
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/activation_date   prov_processStep_meta_data197		prov_processStep_meta_data.activation_date
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/row_last_modified prov_processStep_meta_data198		prov_processStep_meta_data.row_last_modified
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/insert_date       prov_processStep_meta_data199		prov_processStep_meta_data.insert_date
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	prov_processStep_meta_data200		prov_processStep_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	prov_processStep_meta_data201		prov_processStep_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/origin            prov_processStep_meta_data202		prov_processStep_meta_data.origin
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/modified          prov_processStep_meta_data203		prov_processStep_meta_data.modified
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/shareable         prov_processStep_meta_data204		prov_processStep_meta_data.shareable
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/meta_data_id      prov_processStep_meta_data205		prov_processStep_meta_data.meta_data_id
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/meta/xft_version                   prov_process_meta_data206		prov_process_meta_data.xft_version
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/meta/last_modified                 prov_process_meta_data207		prov_process_meta_data.last_modified
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/meta/status                        prov_process_meta_data208		prov_process_meta_data.status
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/meta/activation_date               prov_process_meta_data209		prov_process_meta_data.activation_date
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/meta/row_last_modified             prov_process_meta_data210		prov_process_meta_data.row_last_modified
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/meta/insert_date                   prov_process_meta_data211		prov_process_meta_data.insert_date
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id  prov_process_meta_data212		prov_process_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id      prov_process_meta_data213		prov_process_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/meta/origin                        prov_process_meta_data214		prov_process_meta_data.origin
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/meta/modified                      prov_process_meta_data215		prov_process_meta_data.modified
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/meta/shareable                     prov_process_meta_data216		prov_process_meta_data.shareable
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/meta/meta_data_id                  prov_process_meta_data217		prov_process_meta_data.meta_data_id
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/meta/xft_version                              xnat_derivedData_meta_data218		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.xft_version
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/meta/last_modified                            xnat_derivedData_meta_data219		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.last_modified
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/meta/status                                   xnat_derivedData_meta_data220		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.status
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/meta/activation_date                          xnat_derivedData_meta_data221		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.activation_date
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/meta/row_last_modified                        xnat_derivedData_meta_data222		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.row_last_modified
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/meta/insert_date                              xnat_derivedData_meta_data223		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.insert_date
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id             xnat_derivedData_meta_data224		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                 xnat_derivedData_meta_data225		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/meta/origin                                   xnat_derivedData_meta_data226		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.origin
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/meta/modified                                 xnat_derivedData_meta_data227		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.modified
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/meta/shareable                                xnat_derivedData_meta_data228		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.shareable
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/derivedData/meta/meta_data_id                             xnat_derivedData_meta_data229		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.meta_data_id
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/in/file/note                                              xnat_abstractResource230		xnat_abstractResource.note
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/in/file/label                                             xnat_abstractResource231		xnat_abstractResource.label
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/in/file/file_count                                        xnat_abstractResource232		xnat_abstractResource.file_count
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/in/file/file_size                                         xnat_abstractResource233		xnat_abstractResource.file_size
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/in/file/extension                                         xnat_abstractResource234		xnat_abstractResource.extension
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/in/file/abstractresource_info                             xnat_abstractResource235		xnat_abstractResource.abstractresource_info
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/in/file/xnat_abstractResource_id                          xnat_abstractResource236		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_abstractresource_id
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/in/file/xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id          xnat_abstractResource237		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/in/file/tags/tag/tag                                      xnat_abstractResource_tag238		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tag
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/in/file/tags/tag/name                                     xnat_abstractResource_tag239		xnat_abstractResource_tag.name
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/in/file/tags/tag/abstractresource_tag_info                xnat_abstractResource_tag240		xnat_abstractResource_tag.abstractresource_tag_info
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/in/file/tags/tag/xnat_abstractResource_tag_id             xnat_abstractResource_tag241		xnat_abstractResource_tag.xnat_abstractresource_tag_id
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/in/file/tags/tag/tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag242		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/in/file/tags/tag/meta/xft_version                         xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data243		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.xft_version
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/in/file/tags/tag/meta/last_modified                       xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data244		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.last_modified
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/in/file/tags/tag/meta/status                              xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data245		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.status
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/in/file/tags/tag/meta/activation_date                     xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data246		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_date
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/in/file/tags/tag/meta/row_last_modified                   xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data247		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.row_last_modified
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/in/file/tags/tag/meta/insert_date                         xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data248		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_date
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/in/file/tags/tag/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id        xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data249		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/in/file/tags/tag/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id            xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data250		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/in/file/tags/tag/meta/origin                              xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data251		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.origin
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/in/file/tags/tag/meta/modified                            xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data252		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.modified
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/in/file/tags/tag/meta/shareable                           xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data253		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.shareable
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/in/file/tags/tag/meta/meta_data_id                        xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data254		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.meta_data_id
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/in/file/extension_item/element_name                       xdat_meta_element255		xdat_meta_element.element_name
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/in/file/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id               xdat_meta_element256		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/in/file/meta/xft_version                                  xnat_abstractResource_meta_data257		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.xft_version
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/in/file/meta/last_modified                                xnat_abstractResource_meta_data258		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.last_modified
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/in/file/meta/status                                       xnat_abstractResource_meta_data259		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.status
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/in/file/meta/activation_date                              xnat_abstractResource_meta_data260		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_date
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/in/file/meta/row_last_modified                            xnat_abstractResource_meta_data261		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.row_last_modified
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/in/file/meta/insert_date                                  xnat_abstractResource_meta_data262		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_date
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/in/file/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                 xnat_abstractResource_meta_data263		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/in/file/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                     xnat_abstractResource_meta_data264		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/in/file/meta/origin                                       xnat_abstractResource_meta_data265		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.origin
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/in/file/meta/modified                                     xnat_abstractResource_meta_data266		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.modified
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/in/file/meta/shareable                                    xnat_abstractResource_meta_data267		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.shareable
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/in/file/meta/meta_data_id                                 xnat_abstractResource_meta_data268		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.meta_data_id
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/out/file/note                                             xnat_abstractResource269		xnat_abstractResource.note
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/out/file/label                                            xnat_abstractResource270		xnat_abstractResource.label
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/out/file/file_count                                       xnat_abstractResource271		xnat_abstractResource.file_count
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/out/file/file_size                                        xnat_abstractResource272		xnat_abstractResource.file_size
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/out/file/extension                                        xnat_abstractResource273		xnat_abstractResource.extension
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/out/file/abstractresource_info                            xnat_abstractResource274		xnat_abstractResource.abstractresource_info
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/out/file/xnat_abstractResource_id                         xnat_abstractResource275		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_abstractresource_id
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/out/file/xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id         xnat_abstractResource276		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/out/file/tags/tag/tag                                     xnat_abstractResource_tag277		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tag
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/out/file/tags/tag/name                                    xnat_abstractResource_tag278		xnat_abstractResource_tag.name
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/out/file/tags/tag/abstractresource_tag_info               xnat_abstractResource_tag279		xnat_abstractResource_tag.abstractresource_tag_info
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/out/file/tags/tag/xnat_abstractResource_tag_id            xnat_abstractResource_tag280		xnat_abstractResource_tag.xnat_abstractresource_tag_id
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/out/file/tags/tag/tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag281		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/out/file/tags/tag/meta/xft_version                        xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data282		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.xft_version
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/out/file/tags/tag/meta/last_modified                      xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data283		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.last_modified
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/out/file/tags/tag/meta/status                             xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data284		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.status
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/out/file/tags/tag/meta/activation_date                    xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data285		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_date
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/out/file/tags/tag/meta/row_last_modified                  xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data286		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.row_last_modified
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/out/file/tags/tag/meta/insert_date                        xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data287		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_date
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/out/file/tags/tag/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id       xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data288		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/out/file/tags/tag/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id           xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data289		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/out/file/tags/tag/meta/origin                             xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data290		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.origin
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/out/file/tags/tag/meta/modified                           xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data291		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.modified
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/out/file/tags/tag/meta/shareable                          xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data292		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.shareable
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/out/file/tags/tag/meta/meta_data_id                       xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data293		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.meta_data_id
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/out/file/extension_item/element_name                      xdat_meta_element294		xdat_meta_element.element_name
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/out/file/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id              xdat_meta_element295		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/out/file/meta/xft_version                                 xnat_abstractResource_meta_data296		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.xft_version
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/out/file/meta/last_modified                               xnat_abstractResource_meta_data297		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.last_modified
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/out/file/meta/status                                      xnat_abstractResource_meta_data298		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.status
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/out/file/meta/activation_date                             xnat_abstractResource_meta_data299		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_date
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/out/file/meta/row_last_modified                           xnat_abstractResource_meta_data300		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.row_last_modified
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/out/file/meta/insert_date                                 xnat_abstractResource_meta_data301		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_date
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/out/file/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                xnat_abstractResource_meta_data302		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/out/file/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                    xnat_abstractResource_meta_data303		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/out/file/meta/origin                                      xnat_abstractResource_meta_data304		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.origin
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/out/file/meta/modified                                    xnat_abstractResource_meta_data305		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.modified
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/out/file/meta/shareable                                   xnat_abstractResource_meta_data306		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.shareable
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/out/file/meta/meta_data_id                                xnat_abstractResource_meta_data307		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.meta_data_id
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/addField                              xnat_addField308		xnat_addField.addfield
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/name                                  xnat_addField309		xnat_addField.name
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/addfield_info                         xnat_addField310		xnat_addField.addfield_info
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/xnat_addField_id                      xnat_addField311		xnat_addField.xnat_addfield_id
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/parameters_addparam_xnat_mrscan_xnat_imagescandata_id	xnat_addField312		xnat_addField.parameters_addparam_xnat_mrscan_xnat_imagescandata_id
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/parameters_addparam_xnat_recons_xnat_reconstructedimagedata_id	xnat_addField313		xnat_addField.parameters_addparam_xnat_recons_xnat_reconstructedimagedata_id
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/parameters_addparam_xnat_petsca_xnat_imagescandata_id	xnat_addField314		xnat_addField.parameters_addparam_xnat_petsca_xnat_imagescandata_id
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/parameters_addparam_xnat_imagea_id    xnat_addField315		xnat_addField.parameters_addparam_xnat_imagea_id
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/meta/xft_version                      xnat_addField_meta_data316		xnat_addField_meta_data.xft_version
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/meta/last_modified                    xnat_addField_meta_data317		xnat_addField_meta_data.last_modified
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/meta/status                           xnat_addField_meta_data318		xnat_addField_meta_data.status
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/meta/activation_date                  xnat_addField_meta_data319		xnat_addField_meta_data.activation_date
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/meta/row_last_modified                xnat_addField_meta_data320		xnat_addField_meta_data.row_last_modified
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/meta/insert_date                      xnat_addField_meta_data321		xnat_addField_meta_data.insert_date
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id     xnat_addField_meta_data322		xnat_addField_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id         xnat_addField_meta_data323		xnat_addField_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/meta/origin                           xnat_addField_meta_data324		xnat_addField_meta_data.origin
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/meta/modified                         xnat_addField_meta_data325		xnat_addField_meta_data.modified
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/meta/shareable                        xnat_addField_meta_data326		xnat_addField_meta_data.shareable
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/meta/meta_data_id                     xnat_addField_meta_data327		xnat_addField_meta_data.meta_data_id
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/meta/xft_version                                          xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data328		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.xft_version
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/meta/last_modified                                        xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data329		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.last_modified
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/meta/status                                               xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data330		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.status
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/meta/activation_date                                      xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data331		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.activation_date
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/meta/row_last_modified                                    xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data332		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.row_last_modified
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/meta/insert_date                                          xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data333		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.insert_date
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                         xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data334		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                             xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data335		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/meta/origin                                               xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data336		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.origin
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/meta/modified                                             xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data337		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.modified
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/meta/shareable                                            xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data338		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.shareable
scr:screeningAssessment/imageAssessorData/meta/meta_data_id                                         xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data339		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.meta_data_id
scr:screeningAssessment/scans/scan/imageScan_ID                                                     scr_screeningScanData340		scr_screeningScanData.imagescan_id
scr:screeningAssessment/scans/scan/comments                                                         scr_screeningScanData341		scr_screeningScanData.comments
scr:screeningAssessment/scans/scan/pass                                                             scr_screeningScanData342		scr_screeningScanData.pass
scr:screeningAssessment/scans/scan/screeningscandata_info                                           scr_screeningScanData343		scr_screeningScanData.screeningscandata_info
scr:screeningAssessment/scans/scan/scr_screeningScanData_id                                         scr_screeningScanData344		scr_screeningScanData.scr_screeningscandata_id
scr:screeningAssessment/scans/scan/scans_scan_scr_screeningassessm_id                               scr_screeningScanData345		scr_screeningScanData.scans_scan_scr_screeningassessm_id
scr:screeningAssessment/scans/scan/meta/xft_version                                                 scr_screeningScanData_meta_data346		scr_screeningScanData_meta_data.xft_version
scr:screeningAssessment/scans/scan/meta/last_modified                                               scr_screeningScanData_meta_data347		scr_screeningScanData_meta_data.last_modified
scr:screeningAssessment/scans/scan/meta/status                                                      scr_screeningScanData_meta_data348		scr_screeningScanData_meta_data.status
scr:screeningAssessment/scans/scan/meta/activation_date                                             scr_screeningScanData_meta_data349		scr_screeningScanData_meta_data.activation_date
scr:screeningAssessment/scans/scan/meta/row_last_modified                                           scr_screeningScanData_meta_data350		scr_screeningScanData_meta_data.row_last_modified
scr:screeningAssessment/scans/scan/meta/insert_date                                                 scr_screeningScanData_meta_data351		scr_screeningScanData_meta_data.insert_date
scr:screeningAssessment/scans/scan/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                                scr_screeningScanData_meta_data352		scr_screeningScanData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
scr:screeningAssessment/scans/scan/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                                    scr_screeningScanData_meta_data353		scr_screeningScanData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
scr:screeningAssessment/scans/scan/meta/origin                                                      scr_screeningScanData_meta_data354		scr_screeningScanData_meta_data.origin
scr:screeningAssessment/scans/scan/meta/modified                                                    scr_screeningScanData_meta_data355		scr_screeningScanData_meta_data.modified
scr:screeningAssessment/scans/scan/meta/shareable                                                   scr_screeningScanData_meta_data356		scr_screeningScanData_meta_data.shareable
scr:screeningAssessment/scans/scan/meta/meta_data_id                                                scr_screeningScanData_meta_data357		scr_screeningScanData_meta_data.meta_data_id
scr:screeningAssessment/meta/xft_version                                                            scr_screeningAssessment_meta_data358		scr_screeningAssessment_meta_data.xft_version
scr:screeningAssessment/meta/last_modified                                                          scr_screeningAssessment_meta_data359		scr_screeningAssessment_meta_data.last_modified
scr:screeningAssessment/meta/status                                                                 scr_screeningAssessment_meta_data360		scr_screeningAssessment_meta_data.status
scr:screeningAssessment/meta/activation_date                                                        scr_screeningAssessment_meta_data361		scr_screeningAssessment_meta_data.activation_date
scr:screeningAssessment/meta/row_last_modified                                                      scr_screeningAssessment_meta_data362		scr_screeningAssessment_meta_data.row_last_modified
scr:screeningAssessment/meta/insert_date                                                            scr_screeningAssessment_meta_data363		scr_screeningAssessment_meta_data.insert_date
scr:screeningAssessment/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                                           scr_screeningAssessment_meta_data364		scr_screeningAssessment_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
scr:screeningAssessment/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                                               scr_screeningAssessment_meta_data365		scr_screeningAssessment_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
scr:screeningAssessment/meta/origin                                                                 scr_screeningAssessment_meta_data366		scr_screeningAssessment_meta_data.origin
scr:screeningAssessment/meta/modified                                                               scr_screeningAssessment_meta_data367		scr_screeningAssessment_meta_data.modified
scr:screeningAssessment/meta/shareable                                                              scr_screeningAssessment_meta_data368		scr_screeningAssessment_meta_data.shareable
scr:screeningAssessment/meta/meta_data_id                                                           scr_screeningAssessment_meta_data369		scr_screeningAssessment_meta_data.meta_data_id
