

*********************************************

ac_s_val_protocolData_r
(ACTIVE - MULTIPLE - ROOT)

val:protocolData/id                                                                                 val_protocolData0		xnat_experimentData.id
val:protocolData/check/status                                                                       val_protocolData2		val_protocolData.check_status
val:protocolData/protocoldata_info                                                                  val_protocolData3		val_protocolData.protocoldata_info
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/id                                                               xnat_imageAssessorData4		xnat_experimentData.id
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/imageSession_ID                                                  xnat_imageAssessorData5		xnat_imageAssessorData.imagesession_id
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/imageassessordata_info                                           xnat_imageAssessorData6		xnat_imageAssessorData.imageassessordata_info
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/id                                                   xnat_derivedData7		xnat_experimentData.id
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance_prov_process_id                           xnat_derivedData8		xnat_derivedData.provenance_prov_process_id
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/deriveddata_info                                     xnat_derivedData9		xnat_derivedData.deriveddata_info
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/date                                  xnat_experimentData10		xnat_experimentData.date
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/time                                  xnat_experimentData11		xnat_experimentData.time
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/duration                              xnat_experimentData12		xnat_experimentData.duration
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/delay                                 xnat_experimentData13		xnat_experimentData.delay
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/delay/ref_expt_id                     xnat_experimentData14		xnat_experimentData.delay_ref_expt_id
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/note                                  xnat_experimentData15		xnat_experimentData.note
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator_xnat_investigatordata_id xnat_experimentData16		xnat_experimentData.investigator_xnat_investigatordata_id
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation_xnat_validationdata_id     xnat_experimentData17		xnat_experimentData.validation_xnat_validationdata_id
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/acquisition_site                      xnat_experimentData18		xnat_experimentData.acquisition_site
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/ID                                    xnat_experimentData19		xnat_experimentData.id
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/project                               xnat_experimentData20		xnat_experimentData.project
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/visit_id                              xnat_experimentData21		xnat_experimentData.visit_id
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/visit                                 xnat_experimentData22		xnat_experimentData.visit
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/version                               xnat_experimentData23		xnat_experimentData.version
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/original                              xnat_experimentData24		xnat_experimentData.original
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/protocol                              xnat_experimentData25		xnat_experimentData.protocol
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/label                                 xnat_experimentData26		xnat_experimentData.label
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/extension                             xnat_experimentData27		xnat_experimentData.extension
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/experimentdata_info                   xnat_experimentData28		xnat_experimentData.experimentdata_info
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/share                   xnat_experimentData_share29		xnat_experimentData_share.share
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/label                   xnat_experimentData_share30		xnat_experimentData_share.label
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/project                 xnat_experimentData_share31		xnat_experimentData_share.project
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/visit                   xnat_experimentData_share32		xnat_experimentData_share.visit
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/protocol                xnat_experimentData_share33		xnat_experimentData_share.protocol
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/experimentdata_share_info	xnat_experimentData_share34		xnat_experimentData_share.experimentdata_share_info
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/xnat_experimentData_share_id	xnat_experimentData_share35		xnat_experimentData_share.xnat_experimentdata_share_id
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/sharing_share_xnat_experimentda_id	xnat_experimentData_share36		xnat_experimentData_share.sharing_share_xnat_experimentda_id
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/xft_version        xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data37		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.xft_version
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/last_modified      xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data38		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.last_modified
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/status             xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data39		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.status
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/activation_date    xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data40		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.activation_date
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/row_last_modified  xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data41		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.row_last_modified
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/insert_date        xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data42		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.insert_date
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data43		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data44		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/origin             xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data45		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.origin
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/modified           xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data46		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.modified
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/shareable          xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data47		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.shareable
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/meta_data_id       xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data48		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.meta_data_id
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/title                    xnat_investigatorData49		xnat_investigatorData.title
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/firstname                xnat_investigatorData50		xnat_investigatorData.firstname
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/lastname                 xnat_investigatorData51		xnat_investigatorData.lastname
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/institution              xnat_investigatorData52		xnat_investigatorData.institution
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/department               xnat_investigatorData53		xnat_investigatorData.department
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/email                    xnat_investigatorData54		xnat_investigatorData.email
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/phone                    xnat_investigatorData55		xnat_investigatorData.phone
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/ID                       xnat_investigatorData56		xnat_investigatorData.id
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/investigatordata_info    xnat_investigatorData57		xnat_investigatorData.investigatordata_info
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/xnat_investigatorData_id xnat_investigatorData58		xnat_investigatorData.xnat_investigatordata_id
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/xft_version         xnat_investigatorData_meta_data59		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.xft_version
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/last_modified       xnat_investigatorData_meta_data60		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.last_modified
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/status              xnat_investigatorData_meta_data61		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.status
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/activation_date     xnat_investigatorData_meta_data62		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.activation_date
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/row_last_modified   xnat_investigatorData_meta_data63		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.row_last_modified
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/insert_date         xnat_investigatorData_meta_data64		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.insert_date
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data65		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data66		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/origin              xnat_investigatorData_meta_data67		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.origin
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/modified            xnat_investigatorData_meta_data68		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.modified
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/shareable           xnat_investigatorData_meta_data69		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.shareable
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/meta_data_id        xnat_investigatorData_meta_data70		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.meta_data_id
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/method                     xnat_validationData71		xnat_validationData.method
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/date                       xnat_validationData72		xnat_validationData.date
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/notes                      xnat_validationData73		xnat_validationData.notes
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/validated_by               xnat_validationData74		xnat_validationData.validated_by
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/status                     xnat_validationData75		xnat_validationData.status
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/validationdata_info        xnat_validationData76		xnat_validationData.validationdata_info
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/xnat_validationData_id     xnat_validationData77		xnat_validationData.xnat_validationdata_id
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/xft_version           xnat_validationData_meta_data78		xnat_validationData_meta_data.xft_version
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/last_modified         xnat_validationData_meta_data79		xnat_validationData_meta_data.last_modified
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/status                xnat_validationData_meta_data80		xnat_validationData_meta_data.status
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/activation_date       xnat_validationData_meta_data81		xnat_validationData_meta_data.activation_date
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/row_last_modified     xnat_validationData_meta_data82		xnat_validationData_meta_data.row_last_modified
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/insert_date           xnat_validationData_meta_data83		xnat_validationData_meta_data.insert_date
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_validationData_meta_data84		xnat_validationData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_validationData_meta_data85		xnat_validationData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/origin                xnat_validationData_meta_data86		xnat_validationData_meta_data.origin
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/modified              xnat_validationData_meta_data87		xnat_validationData_meta_data.modified
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/shareable             xnat_validationData_meta_data88		xnat_validationData_meta_data.shareable
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/meta_data_id          xnat_validationData_meta_data89		xnat_validationData_meta_data.meta_data_id
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/note               xnat_abstractResource90		xnat_abstractResource.note
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/label              xnat_abstractResource91		xnat_abstractResource.label
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/file_count         xnat_abstractResource92		xnat_abstractResource.file_count
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/file_size          xnat_abstractResource93		xnat_abstractResource.file_size
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/extension          xnat_abstractResource94		xnat_abstractResource.extension
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/abstractresource_info	xnat_abstractResource95		xnat_abstractResource.abstractresource_info
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/xnat_abstractResource_id	xnat_abstractResource96		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_abstractresource_id
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id	xnat_abstractResource97		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/tag       xnat_abstractResource_tag98		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tag
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/name      xnat_abstractResource_tag99		xnat_abstractResource_tag.name
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/abstractresource_tag_info	xnat_abstractResource_tag100		xnat_abstractResource_tag.abstractresource_tag_info
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/xnat_abstractResource_tag_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag101		xnat_abstractResource_tag.xnat_abstractresource_tag_id
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag102		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/xft_version	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data103		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.xft_version
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/last_modified	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data104		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.last_modified
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/status	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data105		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.status
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/activation_date	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data106		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_date
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data107		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.row_last_modified
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/insert_date	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data108		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_date
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data109		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data110		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/origin	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data111		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.origin
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/modified	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data112		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.modified
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/shareable	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data113		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.shareable
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/meta_data_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data114		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.meta_data_id
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/extension_item/element_name	xdat_meta_element115		xdat_meta_element.element_name
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id	xdat_meta_element116		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/xft_version   xnat_abstractResource_meta_data117		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.xft_version
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/last_modified xnat_abstractResource_meta_data118		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.last_modified
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/status        xnat_abstractResource_meta_data119		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.status
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/activation_date	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data120		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_date
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data121		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.row_last_modified
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/insert_date   xnat_abstractResource_meta_data122		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_date
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data123		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data124		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/origin        xnat_abstractResource_meta_data125		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.origin
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/modified      xnat_abstractResource_meta_data126		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.modified
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/shareable     xnat_abstractResource_meta_data127		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.shareable
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/meta_data_id  xnat_abstractResource_meta_data128		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.meta_data_id
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/field                    xnat_experimentData_field129		xnat_experimentData_field.field
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/name                     xnat_experimentData_field130		xnat_experimentData_field.name
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/experimentdata_field_info	xnat_experimentData_field131		xnat_experimentData_field.experimentdata_field_info
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/xnat_experimentData_field_id	xnat_experimentData_field132		xnat_experimentData_field.xnat_experimentdata_field_id
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/fields_field_xnat_experimentdat_id	xnat_experimentData_field133		xnat_experimentData_field.fields_field_xnat_experimentdat_id
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/xft_version         xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data134		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.xft_version
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/last_modified       xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data135		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.last_modified
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/status              xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data136		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.status
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/activation_date     xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data137		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.activation_date
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/row_last_modified   xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data138		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.row_last_modified
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/insert_date         xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data139		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.insert_date
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data140		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data141		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/origin              xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data142		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.origin
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/modified            xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data143		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.modified
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/shareable           xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data144		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.shareable
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/meta_data_id        xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data145		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.meta_data_id
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/extension_item/element_name           xdat_meta_element146		xdat_meta_element.element_name
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id   xdat_meta_element147		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/meta/xft_version                      xnat_experimentData_meta_data148		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.xft_version
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/meta/last_modified                    xnat_experimentData_meta_data149		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.last_modified
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/meta/status                           xnat_experimentData_meta_data150		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.status
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/meta/activation_date                  xnat_experimentData_meta_data151		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.activation_date
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/meta/row_last_modified                xnat_experimentData_meta_data152		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.row_last_modified
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/meta/insert_date                      xnat_experimentData_meta_data153		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.insert_date
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id     xnat_experimentData_meta_data154		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id         xnat_experimentData_meta_data155		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/meta/origin                           xnat_experimentData_meta_data156		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.origin
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/meta/modified                         xnat_experimentData_meta_data157		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.modified
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/meta/shareable                        xnat_experimentData_meta_data158		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.shareable
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/meta/meta_data_id                     xnat_experimentData_meta_data159		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.meta_data_id
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/process_info                              prov_process160		prov_process.process_info
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/prov_process_id                           prov_process161		prov_process.prov_process_id
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/program                       prov_processStep162		prov_processStep.program
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/program/version               prov_processStep163		prov_processStep.program_version
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/program/arguments             prov_processStep164		prov_processStep.program_arguments
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/timestamp                     prov_processStep165		prov_processStep.timestamp
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/cvs                           prov_processStep166		prov_processStep.cvs
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/user                          prov_processStep167		prov_processStep.user_name
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/machine                       prov_processStep168		prov_processStep.machine
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/platform                      prov_processStep169		prov_processStep.platform
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/platform/version              prov_processStep170		prov_processStep.platform_version
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/compiler                      prov_processStep171		prov_processStep.compiler
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/compiler/version              prov_processStep172		prov_processStep.compiler_version
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/processstep_info              prov_processStep173		prov_processStep.processstep_info
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/prov_processStep_id           prov_processStep174		prov_processStep.prov_processstep_id
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/prov_process_prov_process_id  prov_processStep175		prov_processStep.prov_process_prov_process_id
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/library               prov_processStep_library176		prov_processStep_library.library
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/version               prov_processStep_library177		prov_processStep_library.version
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/processstep_library_info	prov_processStep_library178		prov_processStep_library.processstep_library_info
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/prov_processStep_library_id	prov_processStep_library179		prov_processStep_library.prov_processstep_library_id
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/prov_processstep_prov_processstep_id	prov_processStep_library180		prov_processStep_library.prov_processstep_prov_processstep_id
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/xft_version      prov_processStep_library_meta_data181		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.xft_version
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/last_modified    prov_processStep_library_meta_data182		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.last_modified
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/status           prov_processStep_library_meta_data183		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.status
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/activation_date  prov_processStep_library_meta_data184		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.activation_date
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/row_last_modified	prov_processStep_library_meta_data185		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.row_last_modified
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/insert_date      prov_processStep_library_meta_data186		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.insert_date
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	prov_processStep_library_meta_data187		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	prov_processStep_library_meta_data188		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/origin           prov_processStep_library_meta_data189		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.origin
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/modified         prov_processStep_library_meta_data190		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.modified
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/shareable        prov_processStep_library_meta_data191		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.shareable
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/meta_data_id     prov_processStep_library_meta_data192		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.meta_data_id
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/xft_version              prov_processStep_meta_data193		prov_processStep_meta_data.xft_version
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/last_modified            prov_processStep_meta_data194		prov_processStep_meta_data.last_modified
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/status                   prov_processStep_meta_data195		prov_processStep_meta_data.status
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/activation_date          prov_processStep_meta_data196		prov_processStep_meta_data.activation_date
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/row_last_modified        prov_processStep_meta_data197		prov_processStep_meta_data.row_last_modified
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/insert_date              prov_processStep_meta_data198		prov_processStep_meta_data.insert_date
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	prov_processStep_meta_data199		prov_processStep_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id prov_processStep_meta_data200		prov_processStep_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/origin                   prov_processStep_meta_data201		prov_processStep_meta_data.origin
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/modified                 prov_processStep_meta_data202		prov_processStep_meta_data.modified
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/shareable                prov_processStep_meta_data203		prov_processStep_meta_data.shareable
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/meta_data_id             prov_processStep_meta_data204		prov_processStep_meta_data.meta_data_id
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/meta/xft_version                          prov_process_meta_data205		prov_process_meta_data.xft_version
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/meta/last_modified                        prov_process_meta_data206		prov_process_meta_data.last_modified
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/meta/status                               prov_process_meta_data207		prov_process_meta_data.status
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/meta/activation_date                      prov_process_meta_data208		prov_process_meta_data.activation_date
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/meta/row_last_modified                    prov_process_meta_data209		prov_process_meta_data.row_last_modified
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/meta/insert_date                          prov_process_meta_data210		prov_process_meta_data.insert_date
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id         prov_process_meta_data211		prov_process_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id             prov_process_meta_data212		prov_process_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/meta/origin                               prov_process_meta_data213		prov_process_meta_data.origin
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/meta/modified                             prov_process_meta_data214		prov_process_meta_data.modified
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/meta/shareable                            prov_process_meta_data215		prov_process_meta_data.shareable
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/meta/meta_data_id                         prov_process_meta_data216		prov_process_meta_data.meta_data_id
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/meta/xft_version                                     xnat_derivedData_meta_data217		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.xft_version
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/meta/last_modified                                   xnat_derivedData_meta_data218		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.last_modified
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/meta/status                                          xnat_derivedData_meta_data219		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.status
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/meta/activation_date                                 xnat_derivedData_meta_data220		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.activation_date
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/meta/row_last_modified                               xnat_derivedData_meta_data221		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.row_last_modified
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/meta/insert_date                                     xnat_derivedData_meta_data222		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.insert_date
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                    xnat_derivedData_meta_data223		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                        xnat_derivedData_meta_data224		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/meta/origin                                          xnat_derivedData_meta_data225		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.origin
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/meta/modified                                        xnat_derivedData_meta_data226		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.modified
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/meta/shareable                                       xnat_derivedData_meta_data227		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.shareable
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/meta/meta_data_id                                    xnat_derivedData_meta_data228		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.meta_data_id
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/in/file/note                                                     xnat_abstractResource229		xnat_abstractResource.note
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/in/file/label                                                    xnat_abstractResource230		xnat_abstractResource.label
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/in/file/file_count                                               xnat_abstractResource231		xnat_abstractResource.file_count
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/in/file/file_size                                                xnat_abstractResource232		xnat_abstractResource.file_size
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/in/file/extension                                                xnat_abstractResource233		xnat_abstractResource.extension
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/in/file/abstractresource_info                                    xnat_abstractResource234		xnat_abstractResource.abstractresource_info
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/in/file/xnat_abstractResource_id                                 xnat_abstractResource235		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_abstractresource_id
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/in/file/xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id                 xnat_abstractResource236		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/in/file/tags/tag/tag                                             xnat_abstractResource_tag237		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tag
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/in/file/tags/tag/name                                            xnat_abstractResource_tag238		xnat_abstractResource_tag.name
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/in/file/tags/tag/abstractresource_tag_info                       xnat_abstractResource_tag239		xnat_abstractResource_tag.abstractresource_tag_info
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/in/file/tags/tag/xnat_abstractResource_tag_id                    xnat_abstractResource_tag240		xnat_abstractResource_tag.xnat_abstractresource_tag_id
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/in/file/tags/tag/tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag241		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/in/file/tags/tag/meta/xft_version                                xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data242		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.xft_version
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/in/file/tags/tag/meta/last_modified                              xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data243		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.last_modified
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/in/file/tags/tag/meta/status                                     xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data244		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.status
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/in/file/tags/tag/meta/activation_date                            xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data245		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_date
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/in/file/tags/tag/meta/row_last_modified                          xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data246		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.row_last_modified
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/in/file/tags/tag/meta/insert_date                                xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data247		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_date
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/in/file/tags/tag/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id               xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data248		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/in/file/tags/tag/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                   xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data249		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/in/file/tags/tag/meta/origin                                     xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data250		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.origin
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/in/file/tags/tag/meta/modified                                   xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data251		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.modified
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/in/file/tags/tag/meta/shareable                                  xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data252		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.shareable
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/in/file/tags/tag/meta/meta_data_id                               xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data253		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.meta_data_id
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/in/file/extension_item/element_name                              xdat_meta_element254		xdat_meta_element.element_name
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/in/file/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id                      xdat_meta_element255		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/in/file/meta/xft_version                                         xnat_abstractResource_meta_data256		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.xft_version
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/in/file/meta/last_modified                                       xnat_abstractResource_meta_data257		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.last_modified
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/in/file/meta/status                                              xnat_abstractResource_meta_data258		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.status
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/in/file/meta/activation_date                                     xnat_abstractResource_meta_data259		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_date
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/in/file/meta/row_last_modified                                   xnat_abstractResource_meta_data260		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.row_last_modified
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/in/file/meta/insert_date                                         xnat_abstractResource_meta_data261		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_date
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/in/file/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                        xnat_abstractResource_meta_data262		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/in/file/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                            xnat_abstractResource_meta_data263		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/in/file/meta/origin                                              xnat_abstractResource_meta_data264		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.origin
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/in/file/meta/modified                                            xnat_abstractResource_meta_data265		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.modified
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/in/file/meta/shareable                                           xnat_abstractResource_meta_data266		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.shareable
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/in/file/meta/meta_data_id                                        xnat_abstractResource_meta_data267		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.meta_data_id
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/out/file/note                                                    xnat_abstractResource268		xnat_abstractResource.note
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/out/file/label                                                   xnat_abstractResource269		xnat_abstractResource.label
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/out/file/file_count                                              xnat_abstractResource270		xnat_abstractResource.file_count
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/out/file/file_size                                               xnat_abstractResource271		xnat_abstractResource.file_size
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/out/file/extension                                               xnat_abstractResource272		xnat_abstractResource.extension
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/out/file/abstractresource_info                                   xnat_abstractResource273		xnat_abstractResource.abstractresource_info
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/out/file/xnat_abstractResource_id                                xnat_abstractResource274		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_abstractresource_id
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/out/file/xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id                xnat_abstractResource275		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/out/file/tags/tag/tag                                            xnat_abstractResource_tag276		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tag
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/out/file/tags/tag/name                                           xnat_abstractResource_tag277		xnat_abstractResource_tag.name
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/out/file/tags/tag/abstractresource_tag_info                      xnat_abstractResource_tag278		xnat_abstractResource_tag.abstractresource_tag_info
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/out/file/tags/tag/xnat_abstractResource_tag_id                   xnat_abstractResource_tag279		xnat_abstractResource_tag.xnat_abstractresource_tag_id
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/out/file/tags/tag/tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag280		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/out/file/tags/tag/meta/xft_version                               xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data281		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.xft_version
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/out/file/tags/tag/meta/last_modified                             xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data282		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.last_modified
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/out/file/tags/tag/meta/status                                    xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data283		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.status
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/out/file/tags/tag/meta/activation_date                           xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data284		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_date
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/out/file/tags/tag/meta/row_last_modified                         xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data285		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.row_last_modified
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/out/file/tags/tag/meta/insert_date                               xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data286		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_date
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/out/file/tags/tag/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id              xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data287		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/out/file/tags/tag/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                  xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data288		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/out/file/tags/tag/meta/origin                                    xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data289		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.origin
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/out/file/tags/tag/meta/modified                                  xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data290		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.modified
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/out/file/tags/tag/meta/shareable                                 xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data291		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.shareable
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/out/file/tags/tag/meta/meta_data_id                              xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data292		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.meta_data_id
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/out/file/extension_item/element_name                             xdat_meta_element293		xdat_meta_element.element_name
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/out/file/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id                     xdat_meta_element294		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/out/file/meta/xft_version                                        xnat_abstractResource_meta_data295		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.xft_version
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/out/file/meta/last_modified                                      xnat_abstractResource_meta_data296		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.last_modified
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/out/file/meta/status                                             xnat_abstractResource_meta_data297		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.status
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/out/file/meta/activation_date                                    xnat_abstractResource_meta_data298		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_date
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/out/file/meta/row_last_modified                                  xnat_abstractResource_meta_data299		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.row_last_modified
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/out/file/meta/insert_date                                        xnat_abstractResource_meta_data300		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_date
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/out/file/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                       xnat_abstractResource_meta_data301		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/out/file/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                           xnat_abstractResource_meta_data302		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/out/file/meta/origin                                             xnat_abstractResource_meta_data303		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.origin
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/out/file/meta/modified                                           xnat_abstractResource_meta_data304		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.modified
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/out/file/meta/shareable                                          xnat_abstractResource_meta_data305		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.shareable
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/out/file/meta/meta_data_id                                       xnat_abstractResource_meta_data306		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.meta_data_id
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/addField                                     xnat_addField307		xnat_addField.addfield
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/name                                         xnat_addField308		xnat_addField.name
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/addfield_info                                xnat_addField309		xnat_addField.addfield_info
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/xnat_addField_id                             xnat_addField310		xnat_addField.xnat_addfield_id
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/parameters_addparam_xnat_mrscan_xnat_imagescandata_id	xnat_addField311		xnat_addField.parameters_addparam_xnat_mrscan_xnat_imagescandata_id
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/parameters_addparam_xnat_recons_xnat_reconstructedimagedata_id	xnat_addField312		xnat_addField.parameters_addparam_xnat_recons_xnat_reconstructedimagedata_id
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/parameters_addparam_xnat_petsca_xnat_imagescandata_id	xnat_addField313		xnat_addField.parameters_addparam_xnat_petsca_xnat_imagescandata_id
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/parameters_addparam_xnat_imagea_id           xnat_addField314		xnat_addField.parameters_addparam_xnat_imagea_id
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/meta/xft_version                             xnat_addField_meta_data315		xnat_addField_meta_data.xft_version
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/meta/last_modified                           xnat_addField_meta_data316		xnat_addField_meta_data.last_modified
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/meta/status                                  xnat_addField_meta_data317		xnat_addField_meta_data.status
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/meta/activation_date                         xnat_addField_meta_data318		xnat_addField_meta_data.activation_date
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/meta/row_last_modified                       xnat_addField_meta_data319		xnat_addField_meta_data.row_last_modified
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/meta/insert_date                             xnat_addField_meta_data320		xnat_addField_meta_data.insert_date
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id            xnat_addField_meta_data321		xnat_addField_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                xnat_addField_meta_data322		xnat_addField_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/meta/origin                                  xnat_addField_meta_data323		xnat_addField_meta_data.origin
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/meta/modified                                xnat_addField_meta_data324		xnat_addField_meta_data.modified
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/meta/shareable                               xnat_addField_meta_data325		xnat_addField_meta_data.shareable
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/meta/meta_data_id                            xnat_addField_meta_data326		xnat_addField_meta_data.meta_data_id
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/meta/xft_version                                                 xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data327		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.xft_version
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/meta/last_modified                                               xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data328		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.last_modified
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/meta/status                                                      xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data329		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.status
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/meta/activation_date                                             xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data330		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.activation_date
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/meta/row_last_modified                                           xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data331		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.row_last_modified
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/meta/insert_date                                                 xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data332		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.insert_date
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                                xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data333		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                                    xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data334		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/meta/origin                                                      xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data335		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.origin
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/meta/modified                                                    xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data336		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.modified
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/meta/shareable                                                   xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data337		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.shareable
val:protocolData/imageAssessorData/meta/meta_data_id                                                xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data338		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.meta_data_id
val:protocolData/check/conditions/condition/verified                                                val_protocolData_condition339		val_protocolData_condition.verified
val:protocolData/check/conditions/condition/diagnosis                                               val_protocolData_condition340		val_protocolData_condition.diagnosis
val:protocolData/check/conditions/condition/ID                                                      val_protocolData_condition341		val_protocolData_condition.id
val:protocolData/check/conditions/condition/status                                                  val_protocolData_condition342		val_protocolData_condition.status
val:protocolData/check/conditions/condition/xmlpath                                                 val_protocolData_condition343		val_protocolData_condition.xmlpath
val:protocolData/check/conditions/condition/protocoldata_condition_info                             val_protocolData_condition344		val_protocolData_condition.protocoldata_condition_info
val:protocolData/check/conditions/condition/val_protocolData_condition_id                           val_protocolData_condition345		val_protocolData_condition.val_protocoldata_condition_id
val:protocolData/check/conditions/condition/check_conditions_condition_val__id                      val_protocolData_condition346		val_protocolData_condition.check_conditions_condition_val__id
val:protocolData/check/conditions/condition/meta/xft_version                                        val_protocolData_condition_meta_data347		val_protocolData_condition_meta_data.xft_version
val:protocolData/check/conditions/condition/meta/last_modified                                      val_protocolData_condition_meta_data348		val_protocolData_condition_meta_data.last_modified
val:protocolData/check/conditions/condition/meta/status                                             val_protocolData_condition_meta_data349		val_protocolData_condition_meta_data.status
val:protocolData/check/conditions/condition/meta/activation_date                                    val_protocolData_condition_meta_data350		val_protocolData_condition_meta_data.activation_date
val:protocolData/check/conditions/condition/meta/row_last_modified                                  val_protocolData_condition_meta_data351		val_protocolData_condition_meta_data.row_last_modified
val:protocolData/check/conditions/condition/meta/insert_date                                        val_protocolData_condition_meta_data352		val_protocolData_condition_meta_data.insert_date
val:protocolData/check/conditions/condition/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                       val_protocolData_condition_meta_data353		val_protocolData_condition_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
val:protocolData/check/conditions/condition/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                           val_protocolData_condition_meta_data354		val_protocolData_condition_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
val:protocolData/check/conditions/condition/meta/origin                                             val_protocolData_condition_meta_data355		val_protocolData_condition_meta_data.origin
val:protocolData/check/conditions/condition/meta/modified                                           val_protocolData_condition_meta_data356		val_protocolData_condition_meta_data.modified
val:protocolData/check/conditions/condition/meta/shareable                                          val_protocolData_condition_meta_data357		val_protocolData_condition_meta_data.shareable
val:protocolData/check/conditions/condition/meta/meta_data_id                                       val_protocolData_condition_meta_data358		val_protocolData_condition_meta_data.meta_data_id
val:protocolData/check/comments/comment/comment                                                     val_protocolData_comment359		val_protocolData_comment.comment
val:protocolData/check/comments/comment/username                                                    val_protocolData_comment360		val_protocolData_comment.username
val:protocolData/check/comments/comment/dateTime                                                    val_protocolData_comment361		val_protocolData_comment.datetime
val:protocolData/check/comments/comment/protocoldata_comment_info                                   val_protocolData_comment362		val_protocolData_comment.protocoldata_comment_info
val:protocolData/check/comments/comment/val_protocolData_comment_id                                 val_protocolData_comment363		val_protocolData_comment.val_protocoldata_comment_id
val:protocolData/check/comments/comment/check_comments_comment_val_prot_id                          val_protocolData_comment364		val_protocolData_comment.check_comments_comment_val_prot_id
val:protocolData/check/comments/comment/meta/xft_version                                            val_protocolData_comment_meta_data365		val_protocolData_comment_meta_data.xft_version
val:protocolData/check/comments/comment/meta/last_modified                                          val_protocolData_comment_meta_data366		val_protocolData_comment_meta_data.last_modified
val:protocolData/check/comments/comment/meta/status                                                 val_protocolData_comment_meta_data367		val_protocolData_comment_meta_data.status
val:protocolData/check/comments/comment/meta/activation_date                                        val_protocolData_comment_meta_data368		val_protocolData_comment_meta_data.activation_date
val:protocolData/check/comments/comment/meta/row_last_modified                                      val_protocolData_comment_meta_data369		val_protocolData_comment_meta_data.row_last_modified
val:protocolData/check/comments/comment/meta/insert_date                                            val_protocolData_comment_meta_data370		val_protocolData_comment_meta_data.insert_date
val:protocolData/check/comments/comment/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                           val_protocolData_comment_meta_data371		val_protocolData_comment_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
val:protocolData/check/comments/comment/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                               val_protocolData_comment_meta_data372		val_protocolData_comment_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
val:protocolData/check/comments/comment/meta/origin                                                 val_protocolData_comment_meta_data373		val_protocolData_comment_meta_data.origin
val:protocolData/check/comments/comment/meta/modified                                               val_protocolData_comment_meta_data374		val_protocolData_comment_meta_data.modified
val:protocolData/check/comments/comment/meta/shareable                                              val_protocolData_comment_meta_data375		val_protocolData_comment_meta_data.shareable
val:protocolData/check/comments/comment/meta/meta_data_id                                           val_protocolData_comment_meta_data376		val_protocolData_comment_meta_data.meta_data_id
val:protocolData/check/additionalVal/additionalval_info                                             val_additionalVal377		val_additionalVal.additionalval_info
val:protocolData/check/additionalVal/val_additionalVal_id                                           val_additionalVal378		val_additionalVal.val_additionalval_id
val:protocolData/check/additionalVal/meta/xft_version                                               val_additionalVal_meta_data379		val_additionalVal_meta_data.xft_version
val:protocolData/check/additionalVal/meta/last_modified                                             val_additionalVal_meta_data380		val_additionalVal_meta_data.last_modified
val:protocolData/check/additionalVal/meta/status                                                    val_additionalVal_meta_data381		val_additionalVal_meta_data.status
val:protocolData/check/additionalVal/meta/activation_date                                           val_additionalVal_meta_data382		val_additionalVal_meta_data.activation_date
val:protocolData/check/additionalVal/meta/row_last_modified                                         val_additionalVal_meta_data383		val_additionalVal_meta_data.row_last_modified
val:protocolData/check/additionalVal/meta/insert_date                                               val_additionalVal_meta_data384		val_additionalVal_meta_data.insert_date
val:protocolData/check/additionalVal/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                              val_additionalVal_meta_data385		val_additionalVal_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
val:protocolData/check/additionalVal/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                                  val_additionalVal_meta_data386		val_additionalVal_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
val:protocolData/check/additionalVal/meta/origin                                                    val_additionalVal_meta_data387		val_additionalVal_meta_data.origin
val:protocolData/check/additionalVal/meta/modified                                                  val_additionalVal_meta_data388		val_additionalVal_meta_data.modified
val:protocolData/check/additionalVal/meta/shareable                                                 val_additionalVal_meta_data389		val_additionalVal_meta_data.shareable
val:protocolData/check/additionalVal/meta/meta_data_id                                              val_additionalVal_meta_data390		val_additionalVal_meta_data.meta_data_id
val:protocolData/scans/scan_check/additionalval_val_additionalval_id                                val_protocolData_scan_check391		val_protocolData_scan_check.additionalval_val_additionalval_id
val:protocolData/scans/scan_check/SCAN_ID                                                           val_protocolData_scan_check392		val_protocolData_scan_check.scan_id
val:protocolData/scans/scan_check/status                                                            val_protocolData_scan_check393		val_protocolData_scan_check.status
val:protocolData/scans/scan_check/protocoldata_scan_check_info                                      val_protocolData_scan_check394		val_protocolData_scan_check.protocoldata_scan_check_info
val:protocolData/scans/scan_check/val_protocolData_scan_check_id                                    val_protocolData_scan_check395		val_protocolData_scan_check.val_protocoldata_scan_check_id
val:protocolData/scans/scan_check/scans_scan_check_val_protocolda_id                                val_protocolData_scan_check396		val_protocolData_scan_check.scans_scan_check_val_protocolda_id
val:protocolData/scans/scan_check/conditions/condition/verified                                     val_protocolData_scan_check_condition397		val_protocolData_scan_check_condition.verified
val:protocolData/scans/scan_check/conditions/condition/diagnosis                                    val_protocolData_scan_check_condition398		val_protocolData_scan_check_condition.diagnosis
val:protocolData/scans/scan_check/conditions/condition/ID                                           val_protocolData_scan_check_condition399		val_protocolData_scan_check_condition.id
val:protocolData/scans/scan_check/conditions/condition/status                                       val_protocolData_scan_check_condition400		val_protocolData_scan_check_condition.status
val:protocolData/scans/scan_check/conditions/condition/xmlpath                                      val_protocolData_scan_check_condition401		val_protocolData_scan_check_condition.xmlpath
val:protocolData/scans/scan_check/conditions/condition/protocoldata_scan_check_condition_info       val_protocolData_scan_check_condition402		val_protocolData_scan_check_condition.protocoldata_scan_check_condition_info
val:protocolData/scans/scan_check/conditions/condition/val_protocolData_scan_check_condition_id     val_protocolData_scan_check_condition403		val_protocolData_scan_check_condition.val_protocoldata_scan_check_condition_id
val:protocolData/scans/scan_check/conditions/condition/conditions_condition_val_protoc_val_protocoldata_scan_check_id	val_protocolData_scan_check_condition404		val_protocolData_scan_check_condition.conditions_condition_val_protoc_val_protocoldata_scan_check_id
val:protocolData/scans/scan_check/conditions/condition/meta/xft_version                             val_protocolData_scan_check_condition_meta_data405		val_protocolData_scan_check_condition_meta_data.xft_version
val:protocolData/scans/scan_check/conditions/condition/meta/last_modified                           val_protocolData_scan_check_condition_meta_data406		val_protocolData_scan_check_condition_meta_data.last_modified
val:protocolData/scans/scan_check/conditions/condition/meta/status                                  val_protocolData_scan_check_condition_meta_data407		val_protocolData_scan_check_condition_meta_data.status
val:protocolData/scans/scan_check/conditions/condition/meta/activation_date                         val_protocolData_scan_check_condition_meta_data408		val_protocolData_scan_check_condition_meta_data.activation_date
val:protocolData/scans/scan_check/conditions/condition/meta/row_last_modified                       val_protocolData_scan_check_condition_meta_data409		val_protocolData_scan_check_condition_meta_data.row_last_modified
val:protocolData/scans/scan_check/conditions/condition/meta/insert_date                             val_protocolData_scan_check_condition_meta_data410		val_protocolData_scan_check_condition_meta_data.insert_date
val:protocolData/scans/scan_check/conditions/condition/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id            val_protocolData_scan_check_condition_meta_data411		val_protocolData_scan_check_condition_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
val:protocolData/scans/scan_check/conditions/condition/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                val_protocolData_scan_check_condition_meta_data412		val_protocolData_scan_check_condition_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
val:protocolData/scans/scan_check/conditions/condition/meta/origin                                  val_protocolData_scan_check_condition_meta_data413		val_protocolData_scan_check_condition_meta_data.origin
val:protocolData/scans/scan_check/conditions/condition/meta/modified                                val_protocolData_scan_check_condition_meta_data414		val_protocolData_scan_check_condition_meta_data.modified
val:protocolData/scans/scan_check/conditions/condition/meta/shareable                               val_protocolData_scan_check_condition_meta_data415		val_protocolData_scan_check_condition_meta_data.shareable
val:protocolData/scans/scan_check/conditions/condition/meta/meta_data_id                            val_protocolData_scan_check_condition_meta_data416		val_protocolData_scan_check_condition_meta_data.meta_data_id
val:protocolData/scans/scan_check/comments/comment/comment                                          val_protocolData_scan_check_comment417		val_protocolData_scan_check_comment.comment
val:protocolData/scans/scan_check/comments/comment/username                                         val_protocolData_scan_check_comment418		val_protocolData_scan_check_comment.username
val:protocolData/scans/scan_check/comments/comment/dateTime                                         val_protocolData_scan_check_comment419		val_protocolData_scan_check_comment.datetime
val:protocolData/scans/scan_check/comments/comment/protocoldata_scan_check_comment_info             val_protocolData_scan_check_comment420		val_protocolData_scan_check_comment.protocoldata_scan_check_comment_info
val:protocolData/scans/scan_check/comments/comment/val_protocolData_scan_check_comment_id           val_protocolData_scan_check_comment421		val_protocolData_scan_check_comment.val_protocoldata_scan_check_comment_id
val:protocolData/scans/scan_check/comments/comment/comments_comment_val_protocolda_val_protocoldata_scan_check_id	val_protocolData_scan_check_comment422		val_protocolData_scan_check_comment.comments_comment_val_protocolda_val_protocoldata_scan_check_id
val:protocolData/scans/scan_check/comments/comment/meta/xft_version                                 val_protocolData_scan_check_comment_meta_data423		val_protocolData_scan_check_comment_meta_data.xft_version
val:protocolData/scans/scan_check/comments/comment/meta/last_modified                               val_protocolData_scan_check_comment_meta_data424		val_protocolData_scan_check_comment_meta_data.last_modified
val:protocolData/scans/scan_check/comments/comment/meta/status                                      val_protocolData_scan_check_comment_meta_data425		val_protocolData_scan_check_comment_meta_data.status
val:protocolData/scans/scan_check/comments/comment/meta/activation_date                             val_protocolData_scan_check_comment_meta_data426		val_protocolData_scan_check_comment_meta_data.activation_date
val:protocolData/scans/scan_check/comments/comment/meta/row_last_modified                           val_protocolData_scan_check_comment_meta_data427		val_protocolData_scan_check_comment_meta_data.row_last_modified
val:protocolData/scans/scan_check/comments/comment/meta/insert_date                                 val_protocolData_scan_check_comment_meta_data428		val_protocolData_scan_check_comment_meta_data.insert_date
val:protocolData/scans/scan_check/comments/comment/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                val_protocolData_scan_check_comment_meta_data429		val_protocolData_scan_check_comment_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
val:protocolData/scans/scan_check/comments/comment/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                    val_protocolData_scan_check_comment_meta_data430		val_protocolData_scan_check_comment_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
val:protocolData/scans/scan_check/comments/comment/meta/origin                                      val_protocolData_scan_check_comment_meta_data431		val_protocolData_scan_check_comment_meta_data.origin
val:protocolData/scans/scan_check/comments/comment/meta/modified                                    val_protocolData_scan_check_comment_meta_data432		val_protocolData_scan_check_comment_meta_data.modified
val:protocolData/scans/scan_check/comments/comment/meta/shareable                                   val_protocolData_scan_check_comment_meta_data433		val_protocolData_scan_check_comment_meta_data.shareable
val:protocolData/scans/scan_check/comments/comment/meta/meta_data_id                                val_protocolData_scan_check_comment_meta_data434		val_protocolData_scan_check_comment_meta_data.meta_data_id
val:protocolData/scans/scan_check/additionalVal/additionalval_info                                  val_additionalVal435		val_additionalVal.additionalval_info
val:protocolData/scans/scan_check/additionalVal/val_additionalVal_id                                val_additionalVal436		val_additionalVal.val_additionalval_id
val:protocolData/scans/scan_check/additionalVal/meta/xft_version                                    val_additionalVal_meta_data437		val_additionalVal_meta_data.xft_version
val:protocolData/scans/scan_check/additionalVal/meta/last_modified                                  val_additionalVal_meta_data438		val_additionalVal_meta_data.last_modified
val:protocolData/scans/scan_check/additionalVal/meta/status                                         val_additionalVal_meta_data439		val_additionalVal_meta_data.status
val:protocolData/scans/scan_check/additionalVal/meta/activation_date                                val_additionalVal_meta_data440		val_additionalVal_meta_data.activation_date
val:protocolData/scans/scan_check/additionalVal/meta/row_last_modified                              val_additionalVal_meta_data441		val_additionalVal_meta_data.row_last_modified
val:protocolData/scans/scan_check/additionalVal/meta/insert_date                                    val_additionalVal_meta_data442		val_additionalVal_meta_data.insert_date
val:protocolData/scans/scan_check/additionalVal/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                   val_additionalVal_meta_data443		val_additionalVal_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
val:protocolData/scans/scan_check/additionalVal/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                       val_additionalVal_meta_data444		val_additionalVal_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
val:protocolData/scans/scan_check/additionalVal/meta/origin                                         val_additionalVal_meta_data445		val_additionalVal_meta_data.origin
val:protocolData/scans/scan_check/additionalVal/meta/modified                                       val_additionalVal_meta_data446		val_additionalVal_meta_data.modified
val:protocolData/scans/scan_check/additionalVal/meta/shareable                                      val_additionalVal_meta_data447		val_additionalVal_meta_data.shareable
val:protocolData/scans/scan_check/additionalVal/meta/meta_data_id                                   val_additionalVal_meta_data448		val_additionalVal_meta_data.meta_data_id
val:protocolData/scans/scan_check/meta/xft_version                                                  val_protocolData_scan_check_meta_data449		val_protocolData_scan_check_meta_data.xft_version
val:protocolData/scans/scan_check/meta/last_modified                                                val_protocolData_scan_check_meta_data450		val_protocolData_scan_check_meta_data.last_modified
val:protocolData/scans/scan_check/meta/status                                                       val_protocolData_scan_check_meta_data451		val_protocolData_scan_check_meta_data.status
val:protocolData/scans/scan_check/meta/activation_date                                              val_protocolData_scan_check_meta_data452		val_protocolData_scan_check_meta_data.activation_date
val:protocolData/scans/scan_check/meta/row_last_modified                                            val_protocolData_scan_check_meta_data453		val_protocolData_scan_check_meta_data.row_last_modified
val:protocolData/scans/scan_check/meta/insert_date                                                  val_protocolData_scan_check_meta_data454		val_protocolData_scan_check_meta_data.insert_date
val:protocolData/scans/scan_check/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                                 val_protocolData_scan_check_meta_data455		val_protocolData_scan_check_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
val:protocolData/scans/scan_check/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                                     val_protocolData_scan_check_meta_data456		val_protocolData_scan_check_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
val:protocolData/scans/scan_check/meta/origin                                                       val_protocolData_scan_check_meta_data457		val_protocolData_scan_check_meta_data.origin
val:protocolData/scans/scan_check/meta/modified                                                     val_protocolData_scan_check_meta_data458		val_protocolData_scan_check_meta_data.modified
val:protocolData/scans/scan_check/meta/shareable                                                    val_protocolData_scan_check_meta_data459		val_protocolData_scan_check_meta_data.shareable
val:protocolData/scans/scan_check/meta/meta_data_id                                                 val_protocolData_scan_check_meta_data460		val_protocolData_scan_check_meta_data.meta_data_id
val:protocolData/meta/xft_version                                                                   val_protocolData_meta_data461		val_protocolData_meta_data.xft_version
val:protocolData/meta/last_modified                                                                 val_protocolData_meta_data462		val_protocolData_meta_data.last_modified
val:protocolData/meta/status                                                                        val_protocolData_meta_data463		val_protocolData_meta_data.status
val:protocolData/meta/activation_date                                                               val_protocolData_meta_data464		val_protocolData_meta_data.activation_date
val:protocolData/meta/row_last_modified                                                             val_protocolData_meta_data465		val_protocolData_meta_data.row_last_modified
val:protocolData/meta/insert_date                                                                   val_protocolData_meta_data466		val_protocolData_meta_data.insert_date
val:protocolData/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                                                  val_protocolData_meta_data467		val_protocolData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
val:protocolData/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                                                      val_protocolData_meta_data468		val_protocolData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
val:protocolData/meta/origin                                                                        val_protocolData_meta_data469		val_protocolData_meta_data.origin
val:protocolData/meta/modified                                                                      val_protocolData_meta_data470		val_protocolData_meta_data.modified
val:protocolData/meta/shareable                                                                     val_protocolData_meta_data471		val_protocolData_meta_data.shareable
val:protocolData/meta/meta_data_id                                                                  val_protocolData_meta_data472		val_protocolData_meta_data.meta_data_id
