

*********************************************

ac_s_xdat_criteria_set_r
(ACTIVE - MULTIPLE - ROOT)

xdat:criteria_set/child_set_xdat_criteria_set_id                                                    xdat_criteria_set0		xdat_criteria_set.child_set_xdat_criteria_set_id
xdat:criteria_set/method                                                                            xdat_criteria_set1		xdat_criteria_set.method
xdat:criteria_set/criteria_set_info                                                                 xdat_criteria_set2		xdat_criteria_set.criteria_set_info
xdat:criteria_set/xdat_criteria_set_id                                                              xdat_criteria_set3		xdat_criteria_set.xdat_criteria_set_id
xdat:criteria_set/xdat_stored_search_id                                                             xdat_criteria_set4		xdat_criteria_set.xdat_stored_search_id
xdat:criteria_set/criteria/schema_field                                                             xdat_criteria5		xdat_criteria.schema_field
xdat:criteria_set/criteria/comparison_type                                                          xdat_criteria6		xdat_criteria.comparison_type
xdat:criteria_set/criteria/custom_search                                                            xdat_criteria7		xdat_criteria.custom_search
xdat:criteria_set/criteria/value                                                                    xdat_criteria8		xdat_criteria.value
xdat:criteria_set/criteria/override_value_formatting                                                xdat_criteria9		xdat_criteria.override_value_formatting
xdat:criteria_set/criteria/criteria_info                                                            xdat_criteria10		xdat_criteria.criteria_info
xdat:criteria_set/criteria/xdat_criteria_id                                                         xdat_criteria11		xdat_criteria.xdat_criteria_id
xdat:criteria_set/criteria/xdat_criteria_set_xdat_criteria_set_id                                   xdat_criteria12		xdat_criteria.xdat_criteria_set_xdat_criteria_set_id
xdat:criteria_set/criteria/meta/xft_version                                                         xdat_criteria_meta_data13		xdat_criteria_meta_data.xft_version
xdat:criteria_set/criteria/meta/last_modified                                                       xdat_criteria_meta_data14		xdat_criteria_meta_data.last_modified
xdat:criteria_set/criteria/meta/status                                                              xdat_criteria_meta_data15		xdat_criteria_meta_data.status
xdat:criteria_set/criteria/meta/activation_date                                                     xdat_criteria_meta_data16		xdat_criteria_meta_data.activation_date
xdat:criteria_set/criteria/meta/row_last_modified                                                   xdat_criteria_meta_data17		xdat_criteria_meta_data.row_last_modified
xdat:criteria_set/criteria/meta/insert_date                                                         xdat_criteria_meta_data18		xdat_criteria_meta_data.insert_date
xdat:criteria_set/criteria/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                                        xdat_criteria_meta_data19		xdat_criteria_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xdat:criteria_set/criteria/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                                            xdat_criteria_meta_data20		xdat_criteria_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xdat:criteria_set/criteria/meta/origin                                                              xdat_criteria_meta_data21		xdat_criteria_meta_data.origin
xdat:criteria_set/criteria/meta/modified                                                            xdat_criteria_meta_data22		xdat_criteria_meta_data.modified
xdat:criteria_set/criteria/meta/shareable                                                           xdat_criteria_meta_data23		xdat_criteria_meta_data.shareable
xdat:criteria_set/criteria/meta/meta_data_id                                                        xdat_criteria_meta_data24		xdat_criteria_meta_data.meta_data_id
xdat:criteria_set/meta/xft_version                                                                  xdat_criteria_set_meta_data25		xdat_criteria_set_meta_data.xft_version
xdat:criteria_set/meta/last_modified                                                                xdat_criteria_set_meta_data26		xdat_criteria_set_meta_data.last_modified
xdat:criteria_set/meta/status                                                                       xdat_criteria_set_meta_data27		xdat_criteria_set_meta_data.status
xdat:criteria_set/meta/activation_date                                                              xdat_criteria_set_meta_data28		xdat_criteria_set_meta_data.activation_date
xdat:criteria_set/meta/row_last_modified                                                            xdat_criteria_set_meta_data29		xdat_criteria_set_meta_data.row_last_modified
xdat:criteria_set/meta/insert_date                                                                  xdat_criteria_set_meta_data30		xdat_criteria_set_meta_data.insert_date
xdat:criteria_set/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                                                 xdat_criteria_set_meta_data31		xdat_criteria_set_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xdat:criteria_set/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                                                     xdat_criteria_set_meta_data32		xdat_criteria_set_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xdat:criteria_set/meta/origin                                                                       xdat_criteria_set_meta_data33		xdat_criteria_set_meta_data.origin
xdat:criteria_set/meta/modified                                                                     xdat_criteria_set_meta_data34		xdat_criteria_set_meta_data.modified
xdat:criteria_set/meta/shareable                                                                    xdat_criteria_set_meta_data35		xdat_criteria_set_meta_data.shareable
xdat:criteria_set/meta/meta_data_id                                                                 xdat_criteria_set_meta_data36		xdat_criteria_set_meta_data.meta_data_id
