

*********************************************

ac_s_xnat_studyProtocol_r
(ACTIVE - MULTIPLE - ROOT)

xnat:studyProtocol/xnat_abstractprotocol_id                                                         xnat_studyProtocol0		xnat_abstractProtocol.xnat_abstractprotocol_id
xnat:studyProtocol/studyprotocol_info                                                               xnat_studyProtocol1		xnat_studyProtocol.studyprotocol_info
xnat:studyProtocol/abstractProtocol/ID                                                              xnat_abstractProtocol2		xnat_abstractProtocol.id
xnat:studyProtocol/abstractProtocol/name                                                            xnat_abstractProtocol3		xnat_abstractProtocol.name
xnat:studyProtocol/abstractProtocol/description                                                     xnat_abstractProtocol4		xnat_abstractProtocol.description
xnat:studyProtocol/abstractProtocol/data-type                                                       xnat_abstractProtocol5		xnat_abstractProtocol.data_type
xnat:studyProtocol/abstractProtocol/extension                                                       xnat_abstractProtocol6		xnat_abstractProtocol.extension
xnat:studyProtocol/abstractProtocol/abstractprotocol_info                                           xnat_abstractProtocol7		xnat_abstractProtocol.abstractprotocol_info
xnat:studyProtocol/abstractProtocol/xnat_abstractProtocol_id                                        xnat_abstractProtocol8		xnat_abstractProtocol.xnat_abstractprotocol_id
xnat:studyProtocol/abstractProtocol/xnat_projectdata_id                                             xnat_abstractProtocol9		xnat_abstractProtocol.xnat_projectdata_id
xnat:studyProtocol/abstractProtocol/extension_item/element_name                                     xdat_meta_element10		xdat_meta_element.element_name
xnat:studyProtocol/abstractProtocol/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id                             xdat_meta_element11		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
xnat:studyProtocol/abstractProtocol/meta/xft_version                                                xnat_abstractProtocol_meta_data12		xnat_abstractProtocol_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:studyProtocol/abstractProtocol/meta/last_modified                                              xnat_abstractProtocol_meta_data13		xnat_abstractProtocol_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:studyProtocol/abstractProtocol/meta/status                                                     xnat_abstractProtocol_meta_data14		xnat_abstractProtocol_meta_data.status
xnat:studyProtocol/abstractProtocol/meta/activation_date                                            xnat_abstractProtocol_meta_data15		xnat_abstractProtocol_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:studyProtocol/abstractProtocol/meta/row_last_modified                                          xnat_abstractProtocol_meta_data16		xnat_abstractProtocol_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:studyProtocol/abstractProtocol/meta/insert_date                                                xnat_abstractProtocol_meta_data17		xnat_abstractProtocol_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:studyProtocol/abstractProtocol/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                               xnat_abstractProtocol_meta_data18		xnat_abstractProtocol_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:studyProtocol/abstractProtocol/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                                   xnat_abstractProtocol_meta_data19		xnat_abstractProtocol_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:studyProtocol/abstractProtocol/meta/origin                                                     xnat_abstractProtocol_meta_data20		xnat_abstractProtocol_meta_data.origin
xnat:studyProtocol/abstractProtocol/meta/modified                                                   xnat_abstractProtocol_meta_data21		xnat_abstractProtocol_meta_data.modified
xnat:studyProtocol/abstractProtocol/meta/shareable                                                  xnat_abstractProtocol_meta_data22		xnat_abstractProtocol_meta_data.shareable
xnat:studyProtocol/abstractProtocol/meta/meta_data_id                                               xnat_abstractProtocol_meta_data23		xnat_abstractProtocol_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:studyProtocol/acqConditions/condition/ID                                                       xnat_studyProtocol_condition24		xnat_studyProtocol_condition.id
xnat:studyProtocol/acqConditions/condition/name                                                     xnat_studyProtocol_condition25		xnat_studyProtocol_condition.name
xnat:studyProtocol/acqConditions/condition/description                                              xnat_studyProtocol_condition26		xnat_studyProtocol_condition.description
xnat:studyProtocol/acqConditions/condition/studyprotocol_condition_info                             xnat_studyProtocol_condition27		xnat_studyProtocol_condition.studyprotocol_condition_info
xnat:studyProtocol/acqConditions/condition/xnat_studyProtocol_condition_id                          xnat_studyProtocol_condition28		xnat_studyProtocol_condition.xnat_studyprotocol_condition_id
xnat:studyProtocol/acqConditions/condition/acqconditions_condition_xnat_st_xnat_abstractprotocol_id xnat_studyProtocol_condition29		xnat_studyProtocol_condition.acqconditions_condition_xnat_st_xnat_abstractprotocol_id
xnat:studyProtocol/acqConditions/condition/meta/xft_version                                         xnat_studyProtocol_condition_meta_data30		xnat_studyProtocol_condition_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:studyProtocol/acqConditions/condition/meta/last_modified                                       xnat_studyProtocol_condition_meta_data31		xnat_studyProtocol_condition_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:studyProtocol/acqConditions/condition/meta/status                                              xnat_studyProtocol_condition_meta_data32		xnat_studyProtocol_condition_meta_data.status
xnat:studyProtocol/acqConditions/condition/meta/activation_date                                     xnat_studyProtocol_condition_meta_data33		xnat_studyProtocol_condition_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:studyProtocol/acqConditions/condition/meta/row_last_modified                                   xnat_studyProtocol_condition_meta_data34		xnat_studyProtocol_condition_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:studyProtocol/acqConditions/condition/meta/insert_date                                         xnat_studyProtocol_condition_meta_data35		xnat_studyProtocol_condition_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:studyProtocol/acqConditions/condition/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                        xnat_studyProtocol_condition_meta_data36		xnat_studyProtocol_condition_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:studyProtocol/acqConditions/condition/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                            xnat_studyProtocol_condition_meta_data37		xnat_studyProtocol_condition_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:studyProtocol/acqConditions/condition/meta/origin                                              xnat_studyProtocol_condition_meta_data38		xnat_studyProtocol_condition_meta_data.origin
xnat:studyProtocol/acqConditions/condition/meta/modified                                            xnat_studyProtocol_condition_meta_data39		xnat_studyProtocol_condition_meta_data.modified
xnat:studyProtocol/acqConditions/condition/meta/shareable                                           xnat_studyProtocol_condition_meta_data40		xnat_studyProtocol_condition_meta_data.shareable
xnat:studyProtocol/acqConditions/condition/meta/meta_data_id                                        xnat_studyProtocol_condition_meta_data41		xnat_studyProtocol_condition_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:studyProtocol/subjectGroups/group/ID                                                           xnat_studyProtocol_group42		xnat_studyProtocol_group.id
xnat:studyProtocol/subjectGroups/group/name                                                         xnat_studyProtocol_group43		xnat_studyProtocol_group.name
xnat:studyProtocol/subjectGroups/group/description                                                  xnat_studyProtocol_group44		xnat_studyProtocol_group.description
xnat:studyProtocol/subjectGroups/group/studyprotocol_group_info                                     xnat_studyProtocol_group45		xnat_studyProtocol_group.studyprotocol_group_info
xnat:studyProtocol/subjectGroups/group/xnat_studyProtocol_group_id                                  xnat_studyProtocol_group46		xnat_studyProtocol_group.xnat_studyprotocol_group_id
xnat:studyProtocol/subjectGroups/group/subjectgroups_group_xnat_studyp_xnat_abstractprotocol_id     xnat_studyProtocol_group47		xnat_studyProtocol_group.subjectgroups_group_xnat_studyp_xnat_abstractprotocol_id
xnat:studyProtocol/subjectGroups/group/meta/xft_version                                             xnat_studyProtocol_group_meta_data48		xnat_studyProtocol_group_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:studyProtocol/subjectGroups/group/meta/last_modified                                           xnat_studyProtocol_group_meta_data49		xnat_studyProtocol_group_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:studyProtocol/subjectGroups/group/meta/status                                                  xnat_studyProtocol_group_meta_data50		xnat_studyProtocol_group_meta_data.status
xnat:studyProtocol/subjectGroups/group/meta/activation_date                                         xnat_studyProtocol_group_meta_data51		xnat_studyProtocol_group_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:studyProtocol/subjectGroups/group/meta/row_last_modified                                       xnat_studyProtocol_group_meta_data52		xnat_studyProtocol_group_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:studyProtocol/subjectGroups/group/meta/insert_date                                             xnat_studyProtocol_group_meta_data53		xnat_studyProtocol_group_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:studyProtocol/subjectGroups/group/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                            xnat_studyProtocol_group_meta_data54		xnat_studyProtocol_group_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:studyProtocol/subjectGroups/group/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                                xnat_studyProtocol_group_meta_data55		xnat_studyProtocol_group_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:studyProtocol/subjectGroups/group/meta/origin                                                  xnat_studyProtocol_group_meta_data56		xnat_studyProtocol_group_meta_data.origin
xnat:studyProtocol/subjectGroups/group/meta/modified                                                xnat_studyProtocol_group_meta_data57		xnat_studyProtocol_group_meta_data.modified
xnat:studyProtocol/subjectGroups/group/meta/shareable                                               xnat_studyProtocol_group_meta_data58		xnat_studyProtocol_group_meta_data.shareable
xnat:studyProtocol/subjectGroups/group/meta/meta_data_id                                            xnat_studyProtocol_group_meta_data59		xnat_studyProtocol_group_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:studyProtocol/subjectVariables/variable/ID                                                     xnat_studyProtocol_variable60		xnat_studyProtocol_variable.id
xnat:studyProtocol/subjectVariables/variable/name                                                   xnat_studyProtocol_variable61		xnat_studyProtocol_variable.name
xnat:studyProtocol/subjectVariables/variable/description                                            xnat_studyProtocol_variable62		xnat_studyProtocol_variable.description
xnat:studyProtocol/subjectVariables/variable/studyprotocol_variable_info                            xnat_studyProtocol_variable63		xnat_studyProtocol_variable.studyprotocol_variable_info
xnat:studyProtocol/subjectVariables/variable/xnat_studyProtocol_variable_id                         xnat_studyProtocol_variable64		xnat_studyProtocol_variable.xnat_studyprotocol_variable_id
xnat:studyProtocol/subjectVariables/variable/subjectvariables_variable_xnat__xnat_abstractprotocol_id	xnat_studyProtocol_variable65		xnat_studyProtocol_variable.subjectvariables_variable_xnat__xnat_abstractprotocol_id
xnat:studyProtocol/subjectVariables/variable/meta/xft_version                                       xnat_studyProtocol_variable_meta_data66		xnat_studyProtocol_variable_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:studyProtocol/subjectVariables/variable/meta/last_modified                                     xnat_studyProtocol_variable_meta_data67		xnat_studyProtocol_variable_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:studyProtocol/subjectVariables/variable/meta/status                                            xnat_studyProtocol_variable_meta_data68		xnat_studyProtocol_variable_meta_data.status
xnat:studyProtocol/subjectVariables/variable/meta/activation_date                                   xnat_studyProtocol_variable_meta_data69		xnat_studyProtocol_variable_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:studyProtocol/subjectVariables/variable/meta/row_last_modified                                 xnat_studyProtocol_variable_meta_data70		xnat_studyProtocol_variable_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:studyProtocol/subjectVariables/variable/meta/insert_date                                       xnat_studyProtocol_variable_meta_data71		xnat_studyProtocol_variable_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:studyProtocol/subjectVariables/variable/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                      xnat_studyProtocol_variable_meta_data72		xnat_studyProtocol_variable_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:studyProtocol/subjectVariables/variable/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                          xnat_studyProtocol_variable_meta_data73		xnat_studyProtocol_variable_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:studyProtocol/subjectVariables/variable/meta/origin                                            xnat_studyProtocol_variable_meta_data74		xnat_studyProtocol_variable_meta_data.origin
xnat:studyProtocol/subjectVariables/variable/meta/modified                                          xnat_studyProtocol_variable_meta_data75		xnat_studyProtocol_variable_meta_data.modified
xnat:studyProtocol/subjectVariables/variable/meta/shareable                                         xnat_studyProtocol_variable_meta_data76		xnat_studyProtocol_variable_meta_data.shareable
xnat:studyProtocol/subjectVariables/variable/meta/meta_data_id                                      xnat_studyProtocol_variable_meta_data77		xnat_studyProtocol_variable_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:studyProtocol/imageSessionTypes/session/ID                                                     xnat_studyProtocol_session78		xnat_studyProtocol_session.id
xnat:studyProtocol/imageSessionTypes/session/name                                                   xnat_studyProtocol_session79		xnat_studyProtocol_session.name
xnat:studyProtocol/imageSessionTypes/session/description                                            xnat_studyProtocol_session80		xnat_studyProtocol_session.description
xnat:studyProtocol/imageSessionTypes/session/studyprotocol_session_info                             xnat_studyProtocol_session81		xnat_studyProtocol_session.studyprotocol_session_info
xnat:studyProtocol/imageSessionTypes/session/xnat_studyProtocol_session_id                          xnat_studyProtocol_session82		xnat_studyProtocol_session.xnat_studyprotocol_session_id
xnat:studyProtocol/imageSessionTypes/session/imagesessiontypes_session_xnat__xnat_abstractprotocol_id	xnat_studyProtocol_session83		xnat_studyProtocol_session.imagesessiontypes_session_xnat__xnat_abstractprotocol_id
xnat:studyProtocol/imageSessionTypes/session/meta/xft_version                                       xnat_studyProtocol_session_meta_data84		xnat_studyProtocol_session_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:studyProtocol/imageSessionTypes/session/meta/last_modified                                     xnat_studyProtocol_session_meta_data85		xnat_studyProtocol_session_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:studyProtocol/imageSessionTypes/session/meta/status                                            xnat_studyProtocol_session_meta_data86		xnat_studyProtocol_session_meta_data.status
xnat:studyProtocol/imageSessionTypes/session/meta/activation_date                                   xnat_studyProtocol_session_meta_data87		xnat_studyProtocol_session_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:studyProtocol/imageSessionTypes/session/meta/row_last_modified                                 xnat_studyProtocol_session_meta_data88		xnat_studyProtocol_session_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:studyProtocol/imageSessionTypes/session/meta/insert_date                                       xnat_studyProtocol_session_meta_data89		xnat_studyProtocol_session_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:studyProtocol/imageSessionTypes/session/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                      xnat_studyProtocol_session_meta_data90		xnat_studyProtocol_session_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:studyProtocol/imageSessionTypes/session/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                          xnat_studyProtocol_session_meta_data91		xnat_studyProtocol_session_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:studyProtocol/imageSessionTypes/session/meta/origin                                            xnat_studyProtocol_session_meta_data92		xnat_studyProtocol_session_meta_data.origin
xnat:studyProtocol/imageSessionTypes/session/meta/modified                                          xnat_studyProtocol_session_meta_data93		xnat_studyProtocol_session_meta_data.modified
xnat:studyProtocol/imageSessionTypes/session/meta/shareable                                         xnat_studyProtocol_session_meta_data94		xnat_studyProtocol_session_meta_data.shareable
xnat:studyProtocol/imageSessionTypes/session/meta/meta_data_id                                      xnat_studyProtocol_session_meta_data95		xnat_studyProtocol_session_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:studyProtocol/meta/xft_version                                                                 xnat_studyProtocol_meta_data96		xnat_studyProtocol_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:studyProtocol/meta/last_modified                                                               xnat_studyProtocol_meta_data97		xnat_studyProtocol_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:studyProtocol/meta/status                                                                      xnat_studyProtocol_meta_data98		xnat_studyProtocol_meta_data.status
xnat:studyProtocol/meta/activation_date                                                             xnat_studyProtocol_meta_data99		xnat_studyProtocol_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:studyProtocol/meta/row_last_modified                                                           xnat_studyProtocol_meta_data100		xnat_studyProtocol_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:studyProtocol/meta/insert_date                                                                 xnat_studyProtocol_meta_data101		xnat_studyProtocol_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:studyProtocol/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                                                xnat_studyProtocol_meta_data102		xnat_studyProtocol_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:studyProtocol/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                                                    xnat_studyProtocol_meta_data103		xnat_studyProtocol_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:studyProtocol/meta/origin                                                                      xnat_studyProtocol_meta_data104		xnat_studyProtocol_meta_data.origin
xnat:studyProtocol/meta/modified                                                                    xnat_studyProtocol_meta_data105		xnat_studyProtocol_meta_data.modified
xnat:studyProtocol/meta/shareable                                                                   xnat_studyProtocol_meta_data106		xnat_studyProtocol_meta_data.shareable
xnat:studyProtocol/meta/meta_data_id                                                                xnat_studyProtocol_meta_data107		xnat_studyProtocol_meta_data.meta_data_id
