

*********************************************

ac_s_xnat_subjectVariablesData_r
(ACTIVE - MULTIPLE - ROOT)

xnat:subjectVariablesData/id                                                                        xnat_subjectVariablesData0		xnat_experimentData.id
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectvariablesdata_info                                                 xnat_subjectVariablesData1		xnat_subjectVariablesData.subjectvariablesdata_info
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/id                                                    xnat_subjectAssessorData2		xnat_experimentData.id
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/subject_ID                                            xnat_subjectAssessorData3		xnat_subjectAssessorData.subject_id
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/age                                                   xnat_subjectAssessorData4		xnat_subjectAssessorData.age
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/subjectassessordata_info                              xnat_subjectAssessorData5		xnat_subjectAssessorData.subjectassessordata_info
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/date                                   xnat_experimentData6		xnat_experimentData.date
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/time                                   xnat_experimentData7		xnat_experimentData.time
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/duration                               xnat_experimentData8		xnat_experimentData.duration
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/delay                                  xnat_experimentData9		xnat_experimentData.delay
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/delay/ref_expt_id                      xnat_experimentData10		xnat_experimentData.delay_ref_expt_id
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/note                                   xnat_experimentData11		xnat_experimentData.note
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator_xnat_investigatordata_id  xnat_experimentData12		xnat_experimentData.investigator_xnat_investigatordata_id
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation_xnat_validationdata_id      xnat_experimentData13		xnat_experimentData.validation_xnat_validationdata_id
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/acquisition_site                       xnat_experimentData14		xnat_experimentData.acquisition_site
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/ID                                     xnat_experimentData15		xnat_experimentData.id
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/project                                xnat_experimentData16		xnat_experimentData.project
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/visit_id                               xnat_experimentData17		xnat_experimentData.visit_id
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/visit                                  xnat_experimentData18		xnat_experimentData.visit
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/version                                xnat_experimentData19		xnat_experimentData.version
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/original                               xnat_experimentData20		xnat_experimentData.original
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/protocol                               xnat_experimentData21		xnat_experimentData.protocol
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/label                                  xnat_experimentData22		xnat_experimentData.label
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/extension                              xnat_experimentData23		xnat_experimentData.extension
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/experimentdata_info                    xnat_experimentData24		xnat_experimentData.experimentdata_info
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/share                    xnat_experimentData_share25		xnat_experimentData_share.share
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/label                    xnat_experimentData_share26		xnat_experimentData_share.label
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/project                  xnat_experimentData_share27		xnat_experimentData_share.project
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/visit                    xnat_experimentData_share28		xnat_experimentData_share.visit
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/protocol                 xnat_experimentData_share29		xnat_experimentData_share.protocol
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/experimentdata_share_info	xnat_experimentData_share30		xnat_experimentData_share.experimentdata_share_info
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/xnat_experimentData_share_id	xnat_experimentData_share31		xnat_experimentData_share.xnat_experimentdata_share_id
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/sharing_share_xnat_experimentda_id	xnat_experimentData_share32		xnat_experimentData_share.sharing_share_xnat_experimentda_id
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/xft_version         xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data33		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/last_modified       xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data34		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/status              xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data35		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.status
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/activation_date     xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data36		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/row_last_modified   xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data37		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/insert_date         xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data38		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data39		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data40		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/origin              xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data41		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.origin
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/modified            xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data42		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.modified
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/shareable           xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data43		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.shareable
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/meta_data_id        xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data44		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/title                     xnat_investigatorData45		xnat_investigatorData.title
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/firstname                 xnat_investigatorData46		xnat_investigatorData.firstname
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/lastname                  xnat_investigatorData47		xnat_investigatorData.lastname
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/institution               xnat_investigatorData48		xnat_investigatorData.institution
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/department                xnat_investigatorData49		xnat_investigatorData.department
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/email                     xnat_investigatorData50		xnat_investigatorData.email
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/phone                     xnat_investigatorData51		xnat_investigatorData.phone
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/ID                        xnat_investigatorData52		xnat_investigatorData.id
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/investigatordata_info     xnat_investigatorData53		xnat_investigatorData.investigatordata_info
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/xnat_investigatorData_id  xnat_investigatorData54		xnat_investigatorData.xnat_investigatordata_id
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/xft_version          xnat_investigatorData_meta_data55		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/last_modified        xnat_investigatorData_meta_data56		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/status               xnat_investigatorData_meta_data57		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.status
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/activation_date      xnat_investigatorData_meta_data58		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/row_last_modified    xnat_investigatorData_meta_data59		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/insert_date          xnat_investigatorData_meta_data60		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data61		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data62		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/origin               xnat_investigatorData_meta_data63		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.origin
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/modified             xnat_investigatorData_meta_data64		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.modified
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/shareable            xnat_investigatorData_meta_data65		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/meta_data_id         xnat_investigatorData_meta_data66		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/method                      xnat_validationData67		xnat_validationData.method
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/date                        xnat_validationData68		xnat_validationData.date
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/notes                       xnat_validationData69		xnat_validationData.notes
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/validated_by                xnat_validationData70		xnat_validationData.validated_by
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/status                      xnat_validationData71		xnat_validationData.status
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/validationdata_info         xnat_validationData72		xnat_validationData.validationdata_info
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/xnat_validationData_id      xnat_validationData73		xnat_validationData.xnat_validationdata_id
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/xft_version            xnat_validationData_meta_data74		xnat_validationData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/last_modified          xnat_validationData_meta_data75		xnat_validationData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/status                 xnat_validationData_meta_data76		xnat_validationData_meta_data.status
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/activation_date        xnat_validationData_meta_data77		xnat_validationData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/row_last_modified      xnat_validationData_meta_data78		xnat_validationData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/insert_date            xnat_validationData_meta_data79		xnat_validationData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_validationData_meta_data80		xnat_validationData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_validationData_meta_data81		xnat_validationData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/origin                 xnat_validationData_meta_data82		xnat_validationData_meta_data.origin
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/modified               xnat_validationData_meta_data83		xnat_validationData_meta_data.modified
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/shareable              xnat_validationData_meta_data84		xnat_validationData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/meta_data_id           xnat_validationData_meta_data85		xnat_validationData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/note                xnat_abstractResource86		xnat_abstractResource.note
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/label               xnat_abstractResource87		xnat_abstractResource.label
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/file_count          xnat_abstractResource88		xnat_abstractResource.file_count
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/file_size           xnat_abstractResource89		xnat_abstractResource.file_size
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/extension           xnat_abstractResource90		xnat_abstractResource.extension
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/abstractresource_info	xnat_abstractResource91		xnat_abstractResource.abstractresource_info
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/xnat_abstractResource_id	xnat_abstractResource92		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id	xnat_abstractResource93		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/tag        xnat_abstractResource_tag94		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tag
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/name       xnat_abstractResource_tag95		xnat_abstractResource_tag.name
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/abstractresource_tag_info	xnat_abstractResource_tag96		xnat_abstractResource_tag.abstractresource_tag_info
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/xnat_abstractResource_tag_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag97		xnat_abstractResource_tag.xnat_abstractresource_tag_id
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag98		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/xft_version	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data99		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/last_modified	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data100		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/status	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data101		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.status
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/activation_date	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data102		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data103		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/insert_date	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data104		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data105		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data106		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/origin	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data107		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.origin
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/modified	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data108		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.modified
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/shareable	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data109		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.shareable
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/meta_data_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data110		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/extension_item/element_name	xdat_meta_element111		xdat_meta_element.element_name
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id	xdat_meta_element112		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/xft_version    xnat_abstractResource_meta_data113		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/last_modified  xnat_abstractResource_meta_data114		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/status         xnat_abstractResource_meta_data115		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.status
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/activation_date	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data116		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data117		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/insert_date    xnat_abstractResource_meta_data118		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data119		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data120		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/origin         xnat_abstractResource_meta_data121		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.origin
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/modified       xnat_abstractResource_meta_data122		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.modified
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/shareable      xnat_abstractResource_meta_data123		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.shareable
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/meta_data_id   xnat_abstractResource_meta_data124		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/field                     xnat_experimentData_field125		xnat_experimentData_field.field
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/name                      xnat_experimentData_field126		xnat_experimentData_field.name
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/experimentdata_field_info xnat_experimentData_field127		xnat_experimentData_field.experimentdata_field_info
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/xnat_experimentData_field_id	xnat_experimentData_field128		xnat_experimentData_field.xnat_experimentdata_field_id
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/fields_field_xnat_experimentdat_id	xnat_experimentData_field129		xnat_experimentData_field.fields_field_xnat_experimentdat_id
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/xft_version          xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data130		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/last_modified        xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data131		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/status               xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data132		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.status
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/activation_date      xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data133		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/row_last_modified    xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data134		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/insert_date          xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data135		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data136		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data137		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/origin               xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data138		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.origin
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/modified             xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data139		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.modified
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/shareable            xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data140		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.shareable
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/meta_data_id         xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data141		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/extension_item/element_name            xdat_meta_element142		xdat_meta_element.element_name
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id    xdat_meta_element143		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/xft_version                       xnat_experimentData_meta_data144		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/last_modified                     xnat_experimentData_meta_data145		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/status                            xnat_experimentData_meta_data146		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.status
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/activation_date                   xnat_experimentData_meta_data147		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/row_last_modified                 xnat_experimentData_meta_data148		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/insert_date                       xnat_experimentData_meta_data149		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id      xnat_experimentData_meta_data150		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id          xnat_experimentData_meta_data151		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/origin                            xnat_experimentData_meta_data152		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.origin
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/modified                          xnat_experimentData_meta_data153		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.modified
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/shareable                         xnat_experimentData_meta_data154		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/meta_data_id                      xnat_experimentData_meta_data155		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/meta/xft_version                                      xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data156		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/meta/last_modified                                    xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data157		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/meta/status                                           xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data158		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.status
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/meta/activation_date                                  xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data159		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/meta/row_last_modified                                xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data160		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/meta/insert_date                                      xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data161		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                     xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data162		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                         xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data163		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/meta/origin                                           xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data164		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.origin
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/meta/modified                                         xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data165		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.modified
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/meta/shareable                                        xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data166		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:subjectVariablesData/subjectAssessorData/meta/meta_data_id                                     xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data167		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:subjectVariablesData/variables/variable/variable                                               xnat_subjectVariablesData_variable168		xnat_subjectVariablesData_variable.variable
xnat:subjectVariablesData/variables/variable/name                                                   xnat_subjectVariablesData_variable169		xnat_subjectVariablesData_variable.name
xnat:subjectVariablesData/variables/variable/subjectvariablesdata_variable_info                     xnat_subjectVariablesData_variable170		xnat_subjectVariablesData_variable.subjectvariablesdata_variable_info
xnat:subjectVariablesData/variables/variable/xnat_subjectVariablesData_variable_id                  xnat_subjectVariablesData_variable171		xnat_subjectVariablesData_variable.xnat_subjectvariablesdata_variable_id
xnat:subjectVariablesData/variables/variable/variables_variable_xnat_subject_id                     xnat_subjectVariablesData_variable172		xnat_subjectVariablesData_variable.variables_variable_xnat_subject_id
xnat:subjectVariablesData/variables/variable/meta/xft_version                                       xnat_subjectVariablesData_variable_meta_data173		xnat_subjectVariablesData_variable_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:subjectVariablesData/variables/variable/meta/last_modified                                     xnat_subjectVariablesData_variable_meta_data174		xnat_subjectVariablesData_variable_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:subjectVariablesData/variables/variable/meta/status                                            xnat_subjectVariablesData_variable_meta_data175		xnat_subjectVariablesData_variable_meta_data.status
xnat:subjectVariablesData/variables/variable/meta/activation_date                                   xnat_subjectVariablesData_variable_meta_data176		xnat_subjectVariablesData_variable_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:subjectVariablesData/variables/variable/meta/row_last_modified                                 xnat_subjectVariablesData_variable_meta_data177		xnat_subjectVariablesData_variable_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:subjectVariablesData/variables/variable/meta/insert_date                                       xnat_subjectVariablesData_variable_meta_data178		xnat_subjectVariablesData_variable_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:subjectVariablesData/variables/variable/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                      xnat_subjectVariablesData_variable_meta_data179		xnat_subjectVariablesData_variable_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:subjectVariablesData/variables/variable/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                          xnat_subjectVariablesData_variable_meta_data180		xnat_subjectVariablesData_variable_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:subjectVariablesData/variables/variable/meta/origin                                            xnat_subjectVariablesData_variable_meta_data181		xnat_subjectVariablesData_variable_meta_data.origin
xnat:subjectVariablesData/variables/variable/meta/modified                                          xnat_subjectVariablesData_variable_meta_data182		xnat_subjectVariablesData_variable_meta_data.modified
xnat:subjectVariablesData/variables/variable/meta/shareable                                         xnat_subjectVariablesData_variable_meta_data183		xnat_subjectVariablesData_variable_meta_data.shareable
xnat:subjectVariablesData/variables/variable/meta/meta_data_id                                      xnat_subjectVariablesData_variable_meta_data184		xnat_subjectVariablesData_variable_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:subjectVariablesData/meta/xft_version                                                          xnat_subjectVariablesData_meta_data185		xnat_subjectVariablesData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:subjectVariablesData/meta/last_modified                                                        xnat_subjectVariablesData_meta_data186		xnat_subjectVariablesData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:subjectVariablesData/meta/status                                                               xnat_subjectVariablesData_meta_data187		xnat_subjectVariablesData_meta_data.status
xnat:subjectVariablesData/meta/activation_date                                                      xnat_subjectVariablesData_meta_data188		xnat_subjectVariablesData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:subjectVariablesData/meta/row_last_modified                                                    xnat_subjectVariablesData_meta_data189		xnat_subjectVariablesData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:subjectVariablesData/meta/insert_date                                                          xnat_subjectVariablesData_meta_data190		xnat_subjectVariablesData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:subjectVariablesData/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                                         xnat_subjectVariablesData_meta_data191		xnat_subjectVariablesData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:subjectVariablesData/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                                             xnat_subjectVariablesData_meta_data192		xnat_subjectVariablesData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:subjectVariablesData/meta/origin                                                               xnat_subjectVariablesData_meta_data193		xnat_subjectVariablesData_meta_data.origin
xnat:subjectVariablesData/meta/modified                                                             xnat_subjectVariablesData_meta_data194		xnat_subjectVariablesData_meta_data.modified
xnat:subjectVariablesData/meta/shareable                                                            xnat_subjectVariablesData_meta_data195		xnat_subjectVariablesData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:subjectVariablesData/meta/meta_data_id                                                         xnat_subjectVariablesData_meta_data196		xnat_subjectVariablesData_meta_data.meta_data_id
