

*********************************************

ac_s_xnat_qcManualAssessorData_r
(ACTIVE - MULTIPLE - ROOT)

xnat:qcManualAssessorData/id                                                                        xnat_qcManualAssessorData0		xnat_experimentData.id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/rater                                                                     xnat_qcManualAssessorData1		xnat_qcManualAssessorData.rater
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/stereotacticMarker                                                        xnat_qcManualAssessorData2		xnat_qcManualAssessorData.stereotacticmarker
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/incidentalFindings                                                        xnat_qcManualAssessorData3		xnat_qcManualAssessorData.incidentalfindings
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/comments                                                                  xnat_qcManualAssessorData4		xnat_qcManualAssessorData.comments
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/pass                                                                      xnat_qcManualAssessorData5		xnat_qcManualAssessorData.pass
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/payable                                                                   xnat_qcManualAssessorData6		xnat_qcManualAssessorData.payable
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/rescan                                                                    xnat_qcManualAssessorData7		xnat_qcManualAssessorData.rescan
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/resolvable                                                                xnat_qcManualAssessorData8		xnat_qcManualAssessorData.resolvable
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/retrain                                                                   xnat_qcManualAssessorData9		xnat_qcManualAssessorData.retrain
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/qcmanualassessordata_info                                                 xnat_qcManualAssessorData10		xnat_qcManualAssessorData.qcmanualassessordata_info
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/id                                                      xnat_imageAssessorData11		xnat_experimentData.id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/imageSession_ID                                         xnat_imageAssessorData12		xnat_imageAssessorData.imagesession_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/imageassessordata_info                                  xnat_imageAssessorData13		xnat_imageAssessorData.imageassessordata_info
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/id                                          xnat_derivedData14		xnat_experimentData.id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance_prov_process_id                  xnat_derivedData15		xnat_derivedData.provenance_prov_process_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/deriveddata_info                            xnat_derivedData16		xnat_derivedData.deriveddata_info
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/date                         xnat_experimentData17		xnat_experimentData.date
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/time                         xnat_experimentData18		xnat_experimentData.time
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/duration                     xnat_experimentData19		xnat_experimentData.duration
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/delay                        xnat_experimentData20		xnat_experimentData.delay
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/delay/ref_expt_id            xnat_experimentData21		xnat_experimentData.delay_ref_expt_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/note                         xnat_experimentData22		xnat_experimentData.note
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator_xnat_investigatordata_id	xnat_experimentData23		xnat_experimentData.investigator_xnat_investigatordata_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation_xnat_validationdata_id	xnat_experimentData24		xnat_experimentData.validation_xnat_validationdata_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/acquisition_site             xnat_experimentData25		xnat_experimentData.acquisition_site
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/ID                           xnat_experimentData26		xnat_experimentData.id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/project                      xnat_experimentData27		xnat_experimentData.project
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/visit_id                     xnat_experimentData28		xnat_experimentData.visit_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/visit                        xnat_experimentData29		xnat_experimentData.visit
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/version                      xnat_experimentData30		xnat_experimentData.version
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/original                     xnat_experimentData31		xnat_experimentData.original
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/protocol                     xnat_experimentData32		xnat_experimentData.protocol
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/label                        xnat_experimentData33		xnat_experimentData.label
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/extension                    xnat_experimentData34		xnat_experimentData.extension
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/experimentdata_info          xnat_experimentData35		xnat_experimentData.experimentdata_info
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/share          xnat_experimentData_share36		xnat_experimentData_share.share
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/label          xnat_experimentData_share37		xnat_experimentData_share.label
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/project        xnat_experimentData_share38		xnat_experimentData_share.project
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/visit          xnat_experimentData_share39		xnat_experimentData_share.visit
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/protocol       xnat_experimentData_share40		xnat_experimentData_share.protocol
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/experimentdata_share_info	xnat_experimentData_share41		xnat_experimentData_share.experimentdata_share_info
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/xnat_experimentData_share_id	xnat_experimentData_share42		xnat_experimentData_share.xnat_experimentdata_share_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/sharing_share_xnat_experimentda_id	xnat_experimentData_share43		xnat_experimentData_share.sharing_share_xnat_experimentda_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/xft_version	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data44		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/last_modified	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data45		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/status    xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data46		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.status
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/activation_date	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data47		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data48		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/insert_date	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data49		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data50		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data51		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/origin    xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data52		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.origin
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/modified  xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data53		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.modified
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/shareable xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data54		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.shareable
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/meta_data_id	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data55		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/title           xnat_investigatorData56		xnat_investigatorData.title
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/firstname       xnat_investigatorData57		xnat_investigatorData.firstname
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/lastname        xnat_investigatorData58		xnat_investigatorData.lastname
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/institution     xnat_investigatorData59		xnat_investigatorData.institution
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/department      xnat_investigatorData60		xnat_investigatorData.department
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/email           xnat_investigatorData61		xnat_investigatorData.email
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/phone           xnat_investigatorData62		xnat_investigatorData.phone
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/ID              xnat_investigatorData63		xnat_investigatorData.id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/investigatordata_info	xnat_investigatorData64		xnat_investigatorData.investigatordata_info
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/xnat_investigatorData_id	xnat_investigatorData65		xnat_investigatorData.xnat_investigatordata_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/xft_version	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data66		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/last_modified	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data67		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/status     xnat_investigatorData_meta_data68		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.status
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/activation_date	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data69		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data70		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/insert_date	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data71		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data72		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data73		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/origin     xnat_investigatorData_meta_data74		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.origin
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/modified   xnat_investigatorData_meta_data75		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.modified
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/shareable  xnat_investigatorData_meta_data76		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/meta_data_id	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data77		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/method            xnat_validationData78		xnat_validationData.method
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/date              xnat_validationData79		xnat_validationData.date
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/notes             xnat_validationData80		xnat_validationData.notes
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/validated_by      xnat_validationData81		xnat_validationData.validated_by
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/status            xnat_validationData82		xnat_validationData.status
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/validationdata_info	xnat_validationData83		xnat_validationData.validationdata_info
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/xnat_validationData_id	xnat_validationData84		xnat_validationData.xnat_validationdata_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/xft_version  xnat_validationData_meta_data85		xnat_validationData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/last_modified	xnat_validationData_meta_data86		xnat_validationData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/status       xnat_validationData_meta_data87		xnat_validationData_meta_data.status
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/activation_date	xnat_validationData_meta_data88		xnat_validationData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_validationData_meta_data89		xnat_validationData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/insert_date  xnat_validationData_meta_data90		xnat_validationData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_validationData_meta_data91		xnat_validationData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_validationData_meta_data92		xnat_validationData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/origin       xnat_validationData_meta_data93		xnat_validationData_meta_data.origin
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/modified     xnat_validationData_meta_data94		xnat_validationData_meta_data.modified
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/shareable    xnat_validationData_meta_data95		xnat_validationData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/meta_data_id xnat_validationData_meta_data96		xnat_validationData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/note      xnat_abstractResource97		xnat_abstractResource.note
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/label     xnat_abstractResource98		xnat_abstractResource.label
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/file_count	xnat_abstractResource99		xnat_abstractResource.file_count
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/file_size xnat_abstractResource100		xnat_abstractResource.file_size
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/extension xnat_abstractResource101		xnat_abstractResource.extension
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/abstractresource_info	xnat_abstractResource102		xnat_abstractResource.abstractresource_info
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/xnat_abstractResource_id	xnat_abstractResource103		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id	xnat_abstractResource104		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/tag	xnat_abstractResource_tag105		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tag
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/name	xnat_abstractResource_tag106		xnat_abstractResource_tag.name
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/abstractresource_tag_info	xnat_abstractResource_tag107		xnat_abstractResource_tag.abstractresource_tag_info
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/xnat_abstractResource_tag_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag108		xnat_abstractResource_tag.xnat_abstractresource_tag_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag109		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/xft_version	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data110		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/last_modified	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data111		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/status	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data112		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.status
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/activation_date	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data113		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data114		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/insert_date	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data115		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data116		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data117		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/origin	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data118		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.origin
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/modified	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data119		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.modified
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/shareable	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data120		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.shareable
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/meta_data_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data121		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/extension_item/element_name	xdat_meta_element122		xdat_meta_element.element_name
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id	xdat_meta_element123		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/xft_version	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data124		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/last_modified	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data125		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/status	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data126		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.status
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/activation_date	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data127		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data128		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/insert_date	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data129		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data130		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data131		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/origin	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data132		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.origin
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/modified	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data133		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.modified
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/shareable	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data134		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.shareable
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/meta_data_id	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data135		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/field           xnat_experimentData_field136		xnat_experimentData_field.field
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/name            xnat_experimentData_field137		xnat_experimentData_field.name
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/experimentdata_field_info	xnat_experimentData_field138		xnat_experimentData_field.experimentdata_field_info
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/xnat_experimentData_field_id	xnat_experimentData_field139		xnat_experimentData_field.xnat_experimentdata_field_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/fields_field_xnat_experimentdat_id	xnat_experimentData_field140		xnat_experimentData_field.fields_field_xnat_experimentdat_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/xft_version	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data141		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/last_modified	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data142		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/status     xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data143		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.status
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/activation_date	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data144		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data145		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/insert_date	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data146		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data147		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data148		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/origin     xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data149		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.origin
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/modified   xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data150		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.modified
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/shareable  xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data151		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.shareable
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/meta_data_id	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data152		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/extension_item/element_name  xdat_meta_element153		xdat_meta_element.element_name
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id	xdat_meta_element154		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/meta/xft_version             xnat_experimentData_meta_data155		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/meta/last_modified           xnat_experimentData_meta_data156		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/meta/status                  xnat_experimentData_meta_data157		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.status
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/meta/activation_date         xnat_experimentData_meta_data158		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/meta/row_last_modified       xnat_experimentData_meta_data159		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/meta/insert_date             xnat_experimentData_meta_data160		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_experimentData_meta_data161		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_experimentData_meta_data162		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/meta/origin                  xnat_experimentData_meta_data163		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.origin
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/meta/modified                xnat_experimentData_meta_data164		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.modified
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/meta/shareable               xnat_experimentData_meta_data165		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/meta/meta_data_id            xnat_experimentData_meta_data166		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/process_info                     prov_process167		prov_process.process_info
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/prov_process_id                  prov_process168		prov_process.prov_process_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/program              prov_processStep169		prov_processStep.program
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/program/version      prov_processStep170		prov_processStep.program_version
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/program/arguments    prov_processStep171		prov_processStep.program_arguments
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/timestamp            prov_processStep172		prov_processStep.timestamp
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/cvs                  prov_processStep173		prov_processStep.cvs
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/user                 prov_processStep174		prov_processStep.user_name
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/machine              prov_processStep175		prov_processStep.machine
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/platform             prov_processStep176		prov_processStep.platform
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/platform/version     prov_processStep177		prov_processStep.platform_version
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/compiler             prov_processStep178		prov_processStep.compiler
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/compiler/version     prov_processStep179		prov_processStep.compiler_version
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/processstep_info     prov_processStep180		prov_processStep.processstep_info
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/prov_processStep_id  prov_processStep181		prov_processStep.prov_processstep_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/prov_process_prov_process_id	prov_processStep182		prov_processStep.prov_process_prov_process_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/library      prov_processStep_library183		prov_processStep_library.library
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/version      prov_processStep_library184		prov_processStep_library.version
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/processstep_library_info	prov_processStep_library185		prov_processStep_library.processstep_library_info
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/prov_processStep_library_id	prov_processStep_library186		prov_processStep_library.prov_processstep_library_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/prov_processstep_prov_processstep_id	prov_processStep_library187		prov_processStep_library.prov_processstep_prov_processstep_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/xft_version	prov_processStep_library_meta_data188		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/last_modified	prov_processStep_library_meta_data189		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/status  prov_processStep_library_meta_data190		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.status
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/activation_date	prov_processStep_library_meta_data191		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/row_last_modified	prov_processStep_library_meta_data192		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/insert_date	prov_processStep_library_meta_data193		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	prov_processStep_library_meta_data194		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	prov_processStep_library_meta_data195		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/origin  prov_processStep_library_meta_data196		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.origin
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/modified	prov_processStep_library_meta_data197		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.modified
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/shareable	prov_processStep_library_meta_data198		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.shareable
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/meta_data_id	prov_processStep_library_meta_data199		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/xft_version     prov_processStep_meta_data200		prov_processStep_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/last_modified   prov_processStep_meta_data201		prov_processStep_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/status          prov_processStep_meta_data202		prov_processStep_meta_data.status
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/activation_date prov_processStep_meta_data203		prov_processStep_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/row_last_modified	prov_processStep_meta_data204		prov_processStep_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/insert_date     prov_processStep_meta_data205		prov_processStep_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	prov_processStep_meta_data206		prov_processStep_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	prov_processStep_meta_data207		prov_processStep_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/origin          prov_processStep_meta_data208		prov_processStep_meta_data.origin
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/modified        prov_processStep_meta_data209		prov_processStep_meta_data.modified
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/shareable       prov_processStep_meta_data210		prov_processStep_meta_data.shareable
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/meta_data_id    prov_processStep_meta_data211		prov_processStep_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/meta/xft_version                 prov_process_meta_data212		prov_process_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/meta/last_modified               prov_process_meta_data213		prov_process_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/meta/status                      prov_process_meta_data214		prov_process_meta_data.status
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/meta/activation_date             prov_process_meta_data215		prov_process_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/meta/row_last_modified           prov_process_meta_data216		prov_process_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/meta/insert_date                 prov_process_meta_data217		prov_process_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	prov_process_meta_data218		prov_process_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id    prov_process_meta_data219		prov_process_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/meta/origin                      prov_process_meta_data220		prov_process_meta_data.origin
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/meta/modified                    prov_process_meta_data221		prov_process_meta_data.modified
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/meta/shareable                   prov_process_meta_data222		prov_process_meta_data.shareable
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/meta/meta_data_id                prov_process_meta_data223		prov_process_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/meta/xft_version                            xnat_derivedData_meta_data224		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/meta/last_modified                          xnat_derivedData_meta_data225		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/meta/status                                 xnat_derivedData_meta_data226		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.status
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/meta/activation_date                        xnat_derivedData_meta_data227		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/meta/row_last_modified                      xnat_derivedData_meta_data228		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/meta/insert_date                            xnat_derivedData_meta_data229		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id           xnat_derivedData_meta_data230		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id               xnat_derivedData_meta_data231		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/meta/origin                                 xnat_derivedData_meta_data232		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.origin
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/meta/modified                               xnat_derivedData_meta_data233		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.modified
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/meta/shareable                              xnat_derivedData_meta_data234		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/meta/meta_data_id                           xnat_derivedData_meta_data235		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/note                                            xnat_abstractResource236		xnat_abstractResource.note
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/label                                           xnat_abstractResource237		xnat_abstractResource.label
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/file_count                                      xnat_abstractResource238		xnat_abstractResource.file_count
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/file_size                                       xnat_abstractResource239		xnat_abstractResource.file_size
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/extension                                       xnat_abstractResource240		xnat_abstractResource.extension
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/abstractresource_info                           xnat_abstractResource241		xnat_abstractResource.abstractresource_info
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/xnat_abstractResource_id                        xnat_abstractResource242		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id        xnat_abstractResource243		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/tags/tag/tag                                    xnat_abstractResource_tag244		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tag
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/tags/tag/name                                   xnat_abstractResource_tag245		xnat_abstractResource_tag.name
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/tags/tag/abstractresource_tag_info              xnat_abstractResource_tag246		xnat_abstractResource_tag.abstractresource_tag_info
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/tags/tag/xnat_abstractResource_tag_id           xnat_abstractResource_tag247		xnat_abstractResource_tag.xnat_abstractresource_tag_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/tags/tag/tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag248		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/tags/tag/meta/xft_version                       xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data249		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/tags/tag/meta/last_modified                     xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data250		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/tags/tag/meta/status                            xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data251		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.status
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/tags/tag/meta/activation_date                   xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data252		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/tags/tag/meta/row_last_modified                 xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data253		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/tags/tag/meta/insert_date                       xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data254		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/tags/tag/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id      xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data255		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/tags/tag/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id          xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data256		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/tags/tag/meta/origin                            xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data257		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.origin
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/tags/tag/meta/modified                          xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data258		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.modified
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/tags/tag/meta/shareable                         xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data259		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.shareable
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/tags/tag/meta/meta_data_id                      xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data260		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/extension_item/element_name                     xdat_meta_element261		xdat_meta_element.element_name
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id             xdat_meta_element262		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/meta/xft_version                                xnat_abstractResource_meta_data263		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/meta/last_modified                              xnat_abstractResource_meta_data264		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/meta/status                                     xnat_abstractResource_meta_data265		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.status
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/meta/activation_date                            xnat_abstractResource_meta_data266		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/meta/row_last_modified                          xnat_abstractResource_meta_data267		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/meta/insert_date                                xnat_abstractResource_meta_data268		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id               xnat_abstractResource_meta_data269		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                   xnat_abstractResource_meta_data270		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/meta/origin                                     xnat_abstractResource_meta_data271		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.origin
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/meta/modified                                   xnat_abstractResource_meta_data272		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.modified
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/meta/shareable                                  xnat_abstractResource_meta_data273		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.shareable
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/meta/meta_data_id                               xnat_abstractResource_meta_data274		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/note                                           xnat_abstractResource275		xnat_abstractResource.note
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/label                                          xnat_abstractResource276		xnat_abstractResource.label
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/file_count                                     xnat_abstractResource277		xnat_abstractResource.file_count
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/file_size                                      xnat_abstractResource278		xnat_abstractResource.file_size
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/extension                                      xnat_abstractResource279		xnat_abstractResource.extension
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/abstractresource_info                          xnat_abstractResource280		xnat_abstractResource.abstractresource_info
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/xnat_abstractResource_id                       xnat_abstractResource281		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id       xnat_abstractResource282		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/tags/tag/tag                                   xnat_abstractResource_tag283		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tag
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/tags/tag/name                                  xnat_abstractResource_tag284		xnat_abstractResource_tag.name
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/tags/tag/abstractresource_tag_info             xnat_abstractResource_tag285		xnat_abstractResource_tag.abstractresource_tag_info
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/tags/tag/xnat_abstractResource_tag_id          xnat_abstractResource_tag286		xnat_abstractResource_tag.xnat_abstractresource_tag_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/tags/tag/tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag287		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/tags/tag/meta/xft_version                      xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data288		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/tags/tag/meta/last_modified                    xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data289		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/tags/tag/meta/status                           xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data290		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.status
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/tags/tag/meta/activation_date                  xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data291		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/tags/tag/meta/row_last_modified                xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data292		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/tags/tag/meta/insert_date                      xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data293		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/tags/tag/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id     xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data294		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/tags/tag/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id         xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data295		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/tags/tag/meta/origin                           xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data296		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.origin
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/tags/tag/meta/modified                         xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data297		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.modified
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/tags/tag/meta/shareable                        xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data298		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.shareable
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/tags/tag/meta/meta_data_id                     xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data299		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/extension_item/element_name                    xdat_meta_element300		xdat_meta_element.element_name
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id            xdat_meta_element301		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/meta/xft_version                               xnat_abstractResource_meta_data302		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/meta/last_modified                             xnat_abstractResource_meta_data303		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/meta/status                                    xnat_abstractResource_meta_data304		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.status
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/meta/activation_date                           xnat_abstractResource_meta_data305		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/meta/row_last_modified                         xnat_abstractResource_meta_data306		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/meta/insert_date                               xnat_abstractResource_meta_data307		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id              xnat_abstractResource_meta_data308		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                  xnat_abstractResource_meta_data309		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/meta/origin                                    xnat_abstractResource_meta_data310		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.origin
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/meta/modified                                  xnat_abstractResource_meta_data311		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.modified
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/meta/shareable                                 xnat_abstractResource_meta_data312		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.shareable
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/meta/meta_data_id                              xnat_abstractResource_meta_data313		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/addField                            xnat_addField314		xnat_addField.addfield
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/name                                xnat_addField315		xnat_addField.name
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/addfield_info                       xnat_addField316		xnat_addField.addfield_info
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/xnat_addField_id                    xnat_addField317		xnat_addField.xnat_addfield_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/parameters_addparam_xnat_mrscan_xnat_imagescandata_id	xnat_addField318		xnat_addField.parameters_addparam_xnat_mrscan_xnat_imagescandata_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/parameters_addparam_xnat_recons_xnat_reconstructedimagedata_id	xnat_addField319		xnat_addField.parameters_addparam_xnat_recons_xnat_reconstructedimagedata_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/parameters_addparam_xnat_petsca_xnat_imagescandata_id	xnat_addField320		xnat_addField.parameters_addparam_xnat_petsca_xnat_imagescandata_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/parameters_addparam_xnat_imagea_id  xnat_addField321		xnat_addField.parameters_addparam_xnat_imagea_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/meta/xft_version                    xnat_addField_meta_data322		xnat_addField_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/meta/last_modified                  xnat_addField_meta_data323		xnat_addField_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/meta/status                         xnat_addField_meta_data324		xnat_addField_meta_data.status
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/meta/activation_date                xnat_addField_meta_data325		xnat_addField_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/meta/row_last_modified              xnat_addField_meta_data326		xnat_addField_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/meta/insert_date                    xnat_addField_meta_data327		xnat_addField_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id   xnat_addField_meta_data328		xnat_addField_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id       xnat_addField_meta_data329		xnat_addField_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/meta/origin                         xnat_addField_meta_data330		xnat_addField_meta_data.origin
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/meta/modified                       xnat_addField_meta_data331		xnat_addField_meta_data.modified
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/meta/shareable                      xnat_addField_meta_data332		xnat_addField_meta_data.shareable
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/meta/meta_data_id                   xnat_addField_meta_data333		xnat_addField_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/meta/xft_version                                        xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data334		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/meta/last_modified                                      xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data335		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/meta/status                                             xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data336		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.status
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/meta/activation_date                                    xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data337		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/meta/row_last_modified                                  xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data338		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/meta/insert_date                                        xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data339		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                       xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data340		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                           xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data341		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/meta/origin                                             xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data342		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.origin
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/meta/modified                                           xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data343		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.modified
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/meta/shareable                                          xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data344		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/imageAssessorData/meta/meta_data_id                                       xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data345		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/scans/scan/imageScan_ID                                                   xnat_qcScanData346		xnat_qcScanData.imagescan_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/scans/scan/rater                                                          xnat_qcScanData347		xnat_qcScanData.rater
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/scans/scan/coverage                                                       xnat_qcScanData348		xnat_qcScanData.coverage
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/scans/scan/motion                                                         xnat_qcScanData349		xnat_qcScanData.motion
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/scans/scan/otherImageArtifacts                                            xnat_qcScanData350		xnat_qcScanData.otherimageartifacts
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/scans/scan/comments                                                       xnat_qcScanData351		xnat_qcScanData.comments
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/scans/scan/pass                                                           xnat_qcScanData352		xnat_qcScanData.pass
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/scans/scan/rating                                                         xnat_qcScanData353		xnat_qcScanData.rating
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/scans/scan/rating/scale                                                   xnat_qcScanData354		xnat_qcScanData.rating_scale
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/scans/scan/extension                                                      xnat_qcScanData355		xnat_qcScanData.extension
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/scans/scan/qcscandata_info                                                xnat_qcScanData356		xnat_qcScanData.qcscandata_info
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/scans/scan/xnat_qcScanData_id                                             xnat_qcScanData357		xnat_qcScanData.xnat_qcscandata_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/scans/scan/scans_scan_xnat_qcmanualassesso_id                             xnat_qcScanData358		xnat_qcScanData.scans_scan_xnat_qcmanualassesso_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/scans/scan/fields/field/field                                             xnat_qcScanData_field359		xnat_qcScanData_field.field
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/scans/scan/fields/field/name                                              xnat_qcScanData_field360		xnat_qcScanData_field.name
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/scans/scan/fields/field/qcscandata_field_info                             xnat_qcScanData_field361		xnat_qcScanData_field.qcscandata_field_info
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/scans/scan/fields/field/xnat_qcScanData_field_id                          xnat_qcScanData_field362		xnat_qcScanData_field.xnat_qcscandata_field_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/scans/scan/fields/field/fields_field_xnat_qcscandata_xnat_qcscandata_id   xnat_qcScanData_field363		xnat_qcScanData_field.fields_field_xnat_qcscandata_xnat_qcscandata_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/scans/scan/fields/field/meta/xft_version                                  xnat_qcScanData_field_meta_data364		xnat_qcScanData_field_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/scans/scan/fields/field/meta/last_modified                                xnat_qcScanData_field_meta_data365		xnat_qcScanData_field_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/scans/scan/fields/field/meta/status                                       xnat_qcScanData_field_meta_data366		xnat_qcScanData_field_meta_data.status
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/scans/scan/fields/field/meta/activation_date                              xnat_qcScanData_field_meta_data367		xnat_qcScanData_field_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/scans/scan/fields/field/meta/row_last_modified                            xnat_qcScanData_field_meta_data368		xnat_qcScanData_field_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/scans/scan/fields/field/meta/insert_date                                  xnat_qcScanData_field_meta_data369		xnat_qcScanData_field_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/scans/scan/fields/field/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                 xnat_qcScanData_field_meta_data370		xnat_qcScanData_field_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/scans/scan/fields/field/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                     xnat_qcScanData_field_meta_data371		xnat_qcScanData_field_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/scans/scan/fields/field/meta/origin                                       xnat_qcScanData_field_meta_data372		xnat_qcScanData_field_meta_data.origin
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/scans/scan/fields/field/meta/modified                                     xnat_qcScanData_field_meta_data373		xnat_qcScanData_field_meta_data.modified
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/scans/scan/fields/field/meta/shareable                                    xnat_qcScanData_field_meta_data374		xnat_qcScanData_field_meta_data.shareable
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/scans/scan/fields/field/meta/meta_data_id                                 xnat_qcScanData_field_meta_data375		xnat_qcScanData_field_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/scans/scan/extension_item/element_name                                    xdat_meta_element376		xdat_meta_element.element_name
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/scans/scan/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id                            xdat_meta_element377		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/scans/scan/meta/xft_version                                               xnat_qcScanData_meta_data378		xnat_qcScanData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/scans/scan/meta/last_modified                                             xnat_qcScanData_meta_data379		xnat_qcScanData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/scans/scan/meta/status                                                    xnat_qcScanData_meta_data380		xnat_qcScanData_meta_data.status
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/scans/scan/meta/activation_date                                           xnat_qcScanData_meta_data381		xnat_qcScanData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/scans/scan/meta/row_last_modified                                         xnat_qcScanData_meta_data382		xnat_qcScanData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/scans/scan/meta/insert_date                                               xnat_qcScanData_meta_data383		xnat_qcScanData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/scans/scan/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                              xnat_qcScanData_meta_data384		xnat_qcScanData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/scans/scan/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                                  xnat_qcScanData_meta_data385		xnat_qcScanData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/scans/scan/meta/origin                                                    xnat_qcScanData_meta_data386		xnat_qcScanData_meta_data.origin
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/scans/scan/meta/modified                                                  xnat_qcScanData_meta_data387		xnat_qcScanData_meta_data.modified
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/scans/scan/meta/shareable                                                 xnat_qcScanData_meta_data388		xnat_qcScanData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/scans/scan/meta/meta_data_id                                              xnat_qcScanData_meta_data389		xnat_qcScanData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/meta/xft_version                                                          xnat_qcManualAssessorData_meta_data390		xnat_qcManualAssessorData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/meta/last_modified                                                        xnat_qcManualAssessorData_meta_data391		xnat_qcManualAssessorData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/meta/status                                                               xnat_qcManualAssessorData_meta_data392		xnat_qcManualAssessorData_meta_data.status
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/meta/activation_date                                                      xnat_qcManualAssessorData_meta_data393		xnat_qcManualAssessorData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/meta/row_last_modified                                                    xnat_qcManualAssessorData_meta_data394		xnat_qcManualAssessorData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/meta/insert_date                                                          xnat_qcManualAssessorData_meta_data395		xnat_qcManualAssessorData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                                         xnat_qcManualAssessorData_meta_data396		xnat_qcManualAssessorData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                                             xnat_qcManualAssessorData_meta_data397		xnat_qcManualAssessorData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/meta/origin                                                               xnat_qcManualAssessorData_meta_data398		xnat_qcManualAssessorData_meta_data.origin
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/meta/modified                                                             xnat_qcManualAssessorData_meta_data399		xnat_qcManualAssessorData_meta_data.modified
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/meta/shareable                                                            xnat_qcManualAssessorData_meta_data400		xnat_qcManualAssessorData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:qcManualAssessorData/meta/meta_data_id                                                         xnat_qcManualAssessorData_meta_data401		xnat_qcManualAssessorData_meta_data.meta_data_id
