

*********************************************

ac_s_xnat_imageResourceSeries_r
(ACTIVE - MULTIPLE - ROOT)

xnat:imageResourceSeries/xnat_abstractresource_id                                                   xnat_imageResourceSeries0		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:imageResourceSeries/dimensions/x                                                               xnat_imageResourceSeries1		xnat_imageResourceSeries.dimensions_x
xnat:imageResourceSeries/dimensions/y                                                               xnat_imageResourceSeries2		xnat_imageResourceSeries.dimensions_y
xnat:imageResourceSeries/dimensions/z                                                               xnat_imageResourceSeries3		xnat_imageResourceSeries.dimensions_z
xnat:imageResourceSeries/dimensions/volumes                                                         xnat_imageResourceSeries4		xnat_imageResourceSeries.dimensions_volumes
xnat:imageResourceSeries/voxelRes/x                                                                 xnat_imageResourceSeries5		xnat_imageResourceSeries.voxelres_x
xnat:imageResourceSeries/voxelRes/y                                                                 xnat_imageResourceSeries6		xnat_imageResourceSeries.voxelres_y
xnat:imageResourceSeries/voxelRes/z                                                                 xnat_imageResourceSeries7		xnat_imageResourceSeries.voxelres_z
xnat:imageResourceSeries/voxelRes/units                                                             xnat_imageResourceSeries8		xnat_imageResourceSeries.voxelres_units
xnat:imageResourceSeries/orientation                                                                xnat_imageResourceSeries9		xnat_imageResourceSeries.orientation
xnat:imageResourceSeries/imageresourceseries_info                                                   xnat_imageResourceSeries10		xnat_imageResourceSeries.imageresourceseries_info
xnat:imageResourceSeries/resourceSeries/xnat_abstractresource_id                                    xnat_resourceSeries11		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:imageResourceSeries/resourceSeries/path                                                        xnat_resourceSeries12		xnat_resourceSeries.path
xnat:imageResourceSeries/resourceSeries/pattern                                                     xnat_resourceSeries13		xnat_resourceSeries.pattern
xnat:imageResourceSeries/resourceSeries/count                                                       xnat_resourceSeries14		xnat_resourceSeries.count
xnat:imageResourceSeries/resourceSeries/name                                                        xnat_resourceSeries15		xnat_resourceSeries.name
xnat:imageResourceSeries/resourceSeries/format                                                      xnat_resourceSeries16		xnat_resourceSeries.format
xnat:imageResourceSeries/resourceSeries/description                                                 xnat_resourceSeries17		xnat_resourceSeries.description
xnat:imageResourceSeries/resourceSeries/content                                                     xnat_resourceSeries18		xnat_resourceSeries.content
xnat:imageResourceSeries/resourceSeries/cachePath                                                   xnat_resourceSeries19		xnat_resourceSeries.cachepath
xnat:imageResourceSeries/resourceSeries/resourceseries_info                                         xnat_resourceSeries20		xnat_resourceSeries.resourceseries_info
xnat:imageResourceSeries/resourceSeries/abstractResource/note                                       xnat_abstractResource21		xnat_abstractResource.note
xnat:imageResourceSeries/resourceSeries/abstractResource/label                                      xnat_abstractResource22		xnat_abstractResource.label
xnat:imageResourceSeries/resourceSeries/abstractResource/file_count                                 xnat_abstractResource23		xnat_abstractResource.file_count
xnat:imageResourceSeries/resourceSeries/abstractResource/file_size                                  xnat_abstractResource24		xnat_abstractResource.file_size
xnat:imageResourceSeries/resourceSeries/abstractResource/extension                                  xnat_abstractResource25		xnat_abstractResource.extension
xnat:imageResourceSeries/resourceSeries/abstractResource/abstractresource_info                      xnat_abstractResource26		xnat_abstractResource.abstractresource_info
xnat:imageResourceSeries/resourceSeries/abstractResource/xnat_abstractResource_id                   xnat_abstractResource27		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:imageResourceSeries/resourceSeries/abstractResource/xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id   xnat_abstractResource28		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id
xnat:imageResourceSeries/resourceSeries/abstractResource/tags/tag/tag                               xnat_abstractResource_tag29		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tag
xnat:imageResourceSeries/resourceSeries/abstractResource/tags/tag/name                              xnat_abstractResource_tag30		xnat_abstractResource_tag.name
xnat:imageResourceSeries/resourceSeries/abstractResource/tags/tag/abstractresource_tag_info         xnat_abstractResource_tag31		xnat_abstractResource_tag.abstractresource_tag_info
xnat:imageResourceSeries/resourceSeries/abstractResource/tags/tag/xnat_abstractResource_tag_id      xnat_abstractResource_tag32		xnat_abstractResource_tag.xnat_abstractresource_tag_id
xnat:imageResourceSeries/resourceSeries/abstractResource/tags/tag/tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag33		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:imageResourceSeries/resourceSeries/abstractResource/tags/tag/meta/xft_version                  xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data34		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:imageResourceSeries/resourceSeries/abstractResource/tags/tag/meta/last_modified                xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data35		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:imageResourceSeries/resourceSeries/abstractResource/tags/tag/meta/status                       xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data36		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.status
xnat:imageResourceSeries/resourceSeries/abstractResource/tags/tag/meta/activation_date              xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data37		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:imageResourceSeries/resourceSeries/abstractResource/tags/tag/meta/row_last_modified            xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data38		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:imageResourceSeries/resourceSeries/abstractResource/tags/tag/meta/insert_date                  xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data39		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:imageResourceSeries/resourceSeries/abstractResource/tags/tag/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data40		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:imageResourceSeries/resourceSeries/abstractResource/tags/tag/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id     xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data41		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:imageResourceSeries/resourceSeries/abstractResource/tags/tag/meta/origin                       xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data42		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.origin
xnat:imageResourceSeries/resourceSeries/abstractResource/tags/tag/meta/modified                     xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data43		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.modified
xnat:imageResourceSeries/resourceSeries/abstractResource/tags/tag/meta/shareable                    xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data44		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.shareable
xnat:imageResourceSeries/resourceSeries/abstractResource/tags/tag/meta/meta_data_id                 xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data45		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:imageResourceSeries/resourceSeries/abstractResource/extension_item/element_name                xdat_meta_element46		xdat_meta_element.element_name
xnat:imageResourceSeries/resourceSeries/abstractResource/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id        xdat_meta_element47		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
xnat:imageResourceSeries/resourceSeries/abstractResource/meta/xft_version                           xnat_abstractResource_meta_data48		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:imageResourceSeries/resourceSeries/abstractResource/meta/last_modified                         xnat_abstractResource_meta_data49		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:imageResourceSeries/resourceSeries/abstractResource/meta/status                                xnat_abstractResource_meta_data50		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.status
xnat:imageResourceSeries/resourceSeries/abstractResource/meta/activation_date                       xnat_abstractResource_meta_data51		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:imageResourceSeries/resourceSeries/abstractResource/meta/row_last_modified                     xnat_abstractResource_meta_data52		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:imageResourceSeries/resourceSeries/abstractResource/meta/insert_date                           xnat_abstractResource_meta_data53		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:imageResourceSeries/resourceSeries/abstractResource/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id          xnat_abstractResource_meta_data54		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:imageResourceSeries/resourceSeries/abstractResource/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id              xnat_abstractResource_meta_data55		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:imageResourceSeries/resourceSeries/abstractResource/meta/origin                                xnat_abstractResource_meta_data56		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.origin
xnat:imageResourceSeries/resourceSeries/abstractResource/meta/modified                              xnat_abstractResource_meta_data57		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.modified
xnat:imageResourceSeries/resourceSeries/abstractResource/meta/shareable                             xnat_abstractResource_meta_data58		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.shareable
xnat:imageResourceSeries/resourceSeries/abstractResource/meta/meta_data_id                          xnat_abstractResource_meta_data59		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:imageResourceSeries/resourceSeries/meta/xft_version                                            xnat_resourceSeries_meta_data60		xnat_resourceSeries_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:imageResourceSeries/resourceSeries/meta/last_modified                                          xnat_resourceSeries_meta_data61		xnat_resourceSeries_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:imageResourceSeries/resourceSeries/meta/status                                                 xnat_resourceSeries_meta_data62		xnat_resourceSeries_meta_data.status
xnat:imageResourceSeries/resourceSeries/meta/activation_date                                        xnat_resourceSeries_meta_data63		xnat_resourceSeries_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:imageResourceSeries/resourceSeries/meta/row_last_modified                                      xnat_resourceSeries_meta_data64		xnat_resourceSeries_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:imageResourceSeries/resourceSeries/meta/insert_date                                            xnat_resourceSeries_meta_data65		xnat_resourceSeries_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:imageResourceSeries/resourceSeries/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                           xnat_resourceSeries_meta_data66		xnat_resourceSeries_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:imageResourceSeries/resourceSeries/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                               xnat_resourceSeries_meta_data67		xnat_resourceSeries_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:imageResourceSeries/resourceSeries/meta/origin                                                 xnat_resourceSeries_meta_data68		xnat_resourceSeries_meta_data.origin
xnat:imageResourceSeries/resourceSeries/meta/modified                                               xnat_resourceSeries_meta_data69		xnat_resourceSeries_meta_data.modified
xnat:imageResourceSeries/resourceSeries/meta/shareable                                              xnat_resourceSeries_meta_data70		xnat_resourceSeries_meta_data.shareable
xnat:imageResourceSeries/resourceSeries/meta/meta_data_id                                           xnat_resourceSeries_meta_data71		xnat_resourceSeries_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:imageResourceSeries/meta/xft_version                                                           xnat_imageResourceSeries_meta_data72		xnat_imageResourceSeries_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:imageResourceSeries/meta/last_modified                                                         xnat_imageResourceSeries_meta_data73		xnat_imageResourceSeries_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:imageResourceSeries/meta/status                                                                xnat_imageResourceSeries_meta_data74		xnat_imageResourceSeries_meta_data.status
xnat:imageResourceSeries/meta/activation_date                                                       xnat_imageResourceSeries_meta_data75		xnat_imageResourceSeries_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:imageResourceSeries/meta/row_last_modified                                                     xnat_imageResourceSeries_meta_data76		xnat_imageResourceSeries_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:imageResourceSeries/meta/insert_date                                                           xnat_imageResourceSeries_meta_data77		xnat_imageResourceSeries_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:imageResourceSeries/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                                          xnat_imageResourceSeries_meta_data78		xnat_imageResourceSeries_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:imageResourceSeries/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                                              xnat_imageResourceSeries_meta_data79		xnat_imageResourceSeries_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:imageResourceSeries/meta/origin                                                                xnat_imageResourceSeries_meta_data80		xnat_imageResourceSeries_meta_data.origin
xnat:imageResourceSeries/meta/modified                                                              xnat_imageResourceSeries_meta_data81		xnat_imageResourceSeries_meta_data.modified
xnat:imageResourceSeries/meta/shareable                                                             xnat_imageResourceSeries_meta_data82		xnat_imageResourceSeries_meta_data.shareable
xnat:imageResourceSeries/meta/meta_data_id                                                          xnat_imageResourceSeries_meta_data83		xnat_imageResourceSeries_meta_data.meta_data_id
