

*********************************************

ac_s_xnat_genericData_r
(ACTIVE - MULTIPLE - ROOT)

xnat:genericData/id                                                                                 xnat_genericData0		xnat_experimentData.id
xnat:genericData/genericdata_info                                                                   xnat_genericData1		xnat_genericData.genericdata_info
xnat:genericData/experimentData/date                                                                xnat_experimentData2		xnat_experimentData.date
xnat:genericData/experimentData/time                                                                xnat_experimentData3		xnat_experimentData.time
xnat:genericData/experimentData/duration                                                            xnat_experimentData4		xnat_experimentData.duration
xnat:genericData/experimentData/delay                                                               xnat_experimentData5		xnat_experimentData.delay
xnat:genericData/experimentData/delay/ref_expt_id                                                   xnat_experimentData6		xnat_experimentData.delay_ref_expt_id
xnat:genericData/experimentData/note                                                                xnat_experimentData7		xnat_experimentData.note
xnat:genericData/experimentData/investigator_xnat_investigatordata_id                               xnat_experimentData8		xnat_experimentData.investigator_xnat_investigatordata_id
xnat:genericData/experimentData/validation_xnat_validationdata_id                                   xnat_experimentData9		xnat_experimentData.validation_xnat_validationdata_id
xnat:genericData/experimentData/acquisition_site                                                    xnat_experimentData10		xnat_experimentData.acquisition_site
xnat:genericData/experimentData/ID                                                                  xnat_experimentData11		xnat_experimentData.id
xnat:genericData/experimentData/project                                                             xnat_experimentData12		xnat_experimentData.project
xnat:genericData/experimentData/visit_id                                                            xnat_experimentData13		xnat_experimentData.visit_id
xnat:genericData/experimentData/visit                                                               xnat_experimentData14		xnat_experimentData.visit
xnat:genericData/experimentData/version                                                             xnat_experimentData15		xnat_experimentData.version
xnat:genericData/experimentData/original                                                            xnat_experimentData16		xnat_experimentData.original
xnat:genericData/experimentData/protocol                                                            xnat_experimentData17		xnat_experimentData.protocol
xnat:genericData/experimentData/label                                                               xnat_experimentData18		xnat_experimentData.label
xnat:genericData/experimentData/extension                                                           xnat_experimentData19		xnat_experimentData.extension
xnat:genericData/experimentData/experimentdata_info                                                 xnat_experimentData20		xnat_experimentData.experimentdata_info
xnat:genericData/experimentData/sharing/share/share                                                 xnat_experimentData_share21		xnat_experimentData_share.share
xnat:genericData/experimentData/sharing/share/label                                                 xnat_experimentData_share22		xnat_experimentData_share.label
xnat:genericData/experimentData/sharing/share/project                                               xnat_experimentData_share23		xnat_experimentData_share.project
xnat:genericData/experimentData/sharing/share/visit                                                 xnat_experimentData_share24		xnat_experimentData_share.visit
xnat:genericData/experimentData/sharing/share/protocol                                              xnat_experimentData_share25		xnat_experimentData_share.protocol
xnat:genericData/experimentData/sharing/share/experimentdata_share_info                             xnat_experimentData_share26		xnat_experimentData_share.experimentdata_share_info
xnat:genericData/experimentData/sharing/share/xnat_experimentData_share_id                          xnat_experimentData_share27		xnat_experimentData_share.xnat_experimentdata_share_id
xnat:genericData/experimentData/sharing/share/sharing_share_xnat_experimentda_id                    xnat_experimentData_share28		xnat_experimentData_share.sharing_share_xnat_experimentda_id
xnat:genericData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/xft_version                                      xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data29		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:genericData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/last_modified                                    xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data30		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:genericData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/status                                           xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data31		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.status
xnat:genericData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/activation_date                                  xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data32		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:genericData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/row_last_modified                                xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data33		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:genericData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/insert_date                                      xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data34		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:genericData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                     xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data35		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:genericData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                         xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data36		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:genericData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/origin                                           xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data37		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.origin
xnat:genericData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/modified                                         xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data38		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.modified
xnat:genericData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/shareable                                        xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data39		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.shareable
xnat:genericData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/meta_data_id                                     xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data40		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:genericData/experimentData/investigator/title                                                  xnat_investigatorData41		xnat_investigatorData.title
xnat:genericData/experimentData/investigator/firstname                                              xnat_investigatorData42		xnat_investigatorData.firstname
xnat:genericData/experimentData/investigator/lastname                                               xnat_investigatorData43		xnat_investigatorData.lastname
xnat:genericData/experimentData/investigator/institution                                            xnat_investigatorData44		xnat_investigatorData.institution
xnat:genericData/experimentData/investigator/department                                             xnat_investigatorData45		xnat_investigatorData.department
xnat:genericData/experimentData/investigator/email                                                  xnat_investigatorData46		xnat_investigatorData.email
xnat:genericData/experimentData/investigator/phone                                                  xnat_investigatorData47		xnat_investigatorData.phone
xnat:genericData/experimentData/investigator/ID                                                     xnat_investigatorData48		xnat_investigatorData.id
xnat:genericData/experimentData/investigator/investigatordata_info                                  xnat_investigatorData49		xnat_investigatorData.investigatordata_info
xnat:genericData/experimentData/investigator/xnat_investigatorData_id                               xnat_investigatorData50		xnat_investigatorData.xnat_investigatordata_id
xnat:genericData/experimentData/investigator/meta/xft_version                                       xnat_investigatorData_meta_data51		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:genericData/experimentData/investigator/meta/last_modified                                     xnat_investigatorData_meta_data52		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:genericData/experimentData/investigator/meta/status                                            xnat_investigatorData_meta_data53		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.status
xnat:genericData/experimentData/investigator/meta/activation_date                                   xnat_investigatorData_meta_data54		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:genericData/experimentData/investigator/meta/row_last_modified                                 xnat_investigatorData_meta_data55		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:genericData/experimentData/investigator/meta/insert_date                                       xnat_investigatorData_meta_data56		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:genericData/experimentData/investigator/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                      xnat_investigatorData_meta_data57		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:genericData/experimentData/investigator/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                          xnat_investigatorData_meta_data58		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:genericData/experimentData/investigator/meta/origin                                            xnat_investigatorData_meta_data59		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.origin
xnat:genericData/experimentData/investigator/meta/modified                                          xnat_investigatorData_meta_data60		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.modified
xnat:genericData/experimentData/investigator/meta/shareable                                         xnat_investigatorData_meta_data61		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:genericData/experimentData/investigator/meta/meta_data_id                                      xnat_investigatorData_meta_data62		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:genericData/experimentData/validation/method                                                   xnat_validationData63		xnat_validationData.method
xnat:genericData/experimentData/validation/date                                                     xnat_validationData64		xnat_validationData.date
xnat:genericData/experimentData/validation/notes                                                    xnat_validationData65		xnat_validationData.notes
xnat:genericData/experimentData/validation/validated_by                                             xnat_validationData66		xnat_validationData.validated_by
xnat:genericData/experimentData/validation/status                                                   xnat_validationData67		xnat_validationData.status
xnat:genericData/experimentData/validation/validationdata_info                                      xnat_validationData68		xnat_validationData.validationdata_info
xnat:genericData/experimentData/validation/xnat_validationData_id                                   xnat_validationData69		xnat_validationData.xnat_validationdata_id
xnat:genericData/experimentData/validation/meta/xft_version                                         xnat_validationData_meta_data70		xnat_validationData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:genericData/experimentData/validation/meta/last_modified                                       xnat_validationData_meta_data71		xnat_validationData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:genericData/experimentData/validation/meta/status                                              xnat_validationData_meta_data72		xnat_validationData_meta_data.status
xnat:genericData/experimentData/validation/meta/activation_date                                     xnat_validationData_meta_data73		xnat_validationData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:genericData/experimentData/validation/meta/row_last_modified                                   xnat_validationData_meta_data74		xnat_validationData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:genericData/experimentData/validation/meta/insert_date                                         xnat_validationData_meta_data75		xnat_validationData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:genericData/experimentData/validation/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                        xnat_validationData_meta_data76		xnat_validationData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:genericData/experimentData/validation/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                            xnat_validationData_meta_data77		xnat_validationData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:genericData/experimentData/validation/meta/origin                                              xnat_validationData_meta_data78		xnat_validationData_meta_data.origin
xnat:genericData/experimentData/validation/meta/modified                                            xnat_validationData_meta_data79		xnat_validationData_meta_data.modified
xnat:genericData/experimentData/validation/meta/shareable                                           xnat_validationData_meta_data80		xnat_validationData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:genericData/experimentData/validation/meta/meta_data_id                                        xnat_validationData_meta_data81		xnat_validationData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:genericData/experimentData/resources/resource/note                                             xnat_abstractResource82		xnat_abstractResource.note
xnat:genericData/experimentData/resources/resource/label                                            xnat_abstractResource83		xnat_abstractResource.label
xnat:genericData/experimentData/resources/resource/file_count                                       xnat_abstractResource84		xnat_abstractResource.file_count
xnat:genericData/experimentData/resources/resource/file_size                                        xnat_abstractResource85		xnat_abstractResource.file_size
xnat:genericData/experimentData/resources/resource/extension                                        xnat_abstractResource86		xnat_abstractResource.extension
xnat:genericData/experimentData/resources/resource/abstractresource_info                            xnat_abstractResource87		xnat_abstractResource.abstractresource_info
xnat:genericData/experimentData/resources/resource/xnat_abstractResource_id                         xnat_abstractResource88		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:genericData/experimentData/resources/resource/xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id         xnat_abstractResource89		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id
xnat:genericData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/tag                                     xnat_abstractResource_tag90		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tag
xnat:genericData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/name                                    xnat_abstractResource_tag91		xnat_abstractResource_tag.name
xnat:genericData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/abstractresource_tag_info               xnat_abstractResource_tag92		xnat_abstractResource_tag.abstractresource_tag_info
xnat:genericData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/xnat_abstractResource_tag_id            xnat_abstractResource_tag93		xnat_abstractResource_tag.xnat_abstractresource_tag_id
xnat:genericData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag94		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:genericData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/xft_version                        xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data95		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:genericData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/last_modified                      xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data96		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:genericData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/status                             xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data97		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.status
xnat:genericData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/activation_date                    xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data98		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:genericData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/row_last_modified                  xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data99		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:genericData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/insert_date                        xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data100		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:genericData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id       xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data101		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:genericData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id           xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data102		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:genericData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/origin                             xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data103		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.origin
xnat:genericData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/modified                           xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data104		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.modified
xnat:genericData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/shareable                          xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data105		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.shareable
xnat:genericData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/meta_data_id                       xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data106		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:genericData/experimentData/resources/resource/extension_item/element_name                      xdat_meta_element107		xdat_meta_element.element_name
xnat:genericData/experimentData/resources/resource/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id              xdat_meta_element108		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
xnat:genericData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/xft_version                                 xnat_abstractResource_meta_data109		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:genericData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/last_modified                               xnat_abstractResource_meta_data110		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:genericData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/status                                      xnat_abstractResource_meta_data111		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.status
xnat:genericData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/activation_date                             xnat_abstractResource_meta_data112		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:genericData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/row_last_modified                           xnat_abstractResource_meta_data113		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:genericData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/insert_date                                 xnat_abstractResource_meta_data114		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:genericData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                xnat_abstractResource_meta_data115		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:genericData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                    xnat_abstractResource_meta_data116		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:genericData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/origin                                      xnat_abstractResource_meta_data117		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.origin
xnat:genericData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/modified                                    xnat_abstractResource_meta_data118		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.modified
xnat:genericData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/shareable                                   xnat_abstractResource_meta_data119		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.shareable
xnat:genericData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/meta_data_id                                xnat_abstractResource_meta_data120		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:genericData/experimentData/fields/field/field                                                  xnat_experimentData_field121		xnat_experimentData_field.field
xnat:genericData/experimentData/fields/field/name                                                   xnat_experimentData_field122		xnat_experimentData_field.name
xnat:genericData/experimentData/fields/field/experimentdata_field_info                              xnat_experimentData_field123		xnat_experimentData_field.experimentdata_field_info
xnat:genericData/experimentData/fields/field/xnat_experimentData_field_id                           xnat_experimentData_field124		xnat_experimentData_field.xnat_experimentdata_field_id
xnat:genericData/experimentData/fields/field/fields_field_xnat_experimentdat_id                     xnat_experimentData_field125		xnat_experimentData_field.fields_field_xnat_experimentdat_id
xnat:genericData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/xft_version                                       xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data126		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:genericData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/last_modified                                     xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data127		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:genericData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/status                                            xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data128		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.status
xnat:genericData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/activation_date                                   xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data129		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:genericData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/row_last_modified                                 xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data130		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:genericData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/insert_date                                       xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data131		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:genericData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                      xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data132		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:genericData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                          xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data133		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:genericData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/origin                                            xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data134		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.origin
xnat:genericData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/modified                                          xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data135		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.modified
xnat:genericData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/shareable                                         xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data136		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.shareable
xnat:genericData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/meta_data_id                                      xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data137		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:genericData/experimentData/extension_item/element_name                                         xdat_meta_element138		xdat_meta_element.element_name
xnat:genericData/experimentData/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id                                 xdat_meta_element139		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
xnat:genericData/experimentData/meta/xft_version                                                    xnat_experimentData_meta_data140		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:genericData/experimentData/meta/last_modified                                                  xnat_experimentData_meta_data141		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:genericData/experimentData/meta/status                                                         xnat_experimentData_meta_data142		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.status
xnat:genericData/experimentData/meta/activation_date                                                xnat_experimentData_meta_data143		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:genericData/experimentData/meta/row_last_modified                                              xnat_experimentData_meta_data144		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:genericData/experimentData/meta/insert_date                                                    xnat_experimentData_meta_data145		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:genericData/experimentData/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                                   xnat_experimentData_meta_data146		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:genericData/experimentData/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                                       xnat_experimentData_meta_data147		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:genericData/experimentData/meta/origin                                                         xnat_experimentData_meta_data148		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.origin
xnat:genericData/experimentData/meta/modified                                                       xnat_experimentData_meta_data149		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.modified
xnat:genericData/experimentData/meta/shareable                                                      xnat_experimentData_meta_data150		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:genericData/experimentData/meta/meta_data_id                                                   xnat_experimentData_meta_data151		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:genericData/meta/xft_version                                                                   xnat_genericData_meta_data152		xnat_genericData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:genericData/meta/last_modified                                                                 xnat_genericData_meta_data153		xnat_genericData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:genericData/meta/status                                                                        xnat_genericData_meta_data154		xnat_genericData_meta_data.status
xnat:genericData/meta/activation_date                                                               xnat_genericData_meta_data155		xnat_genericData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:genericData/meta/row_last_modified                                                             xnat_genericData_meta_data156		xnat_genericData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:genericData/meta/insert_date                                                                   xnat_genericData_meta_data157		xnat_genericData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:genericData/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                                                  xnat_genericData_meta_data158		xnat_genericData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:genericData/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                                                      xnat_genericData_meta_data159		xnat_genericData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:genericData/meta/origin                                                                        xnat_genericData_meta_data160		xnat_genericData_meta_data.origin
xnat:genericData/meta/modified                                                                      xnat_genericData_meta_data161		xnat_genericData_meta_data.modified
xnat:genericData/meta/shareable                                                                     xnat_genericData_meta_data162		xnat_genericData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:genericData/meta/meta_data_id                                                                  xnat_genericData_meta_data163		xnat_genericData_meta_data.meta_data_id
