

*********************************************

ac_s_xnat_datatypeProtocol_r
(ACTIVE - MULTIPLE - ROOT)

xnat:datatypeProtocol/xnat_abstractprotocol_id                                                      xnat_datatypeProtocol0		xnat_abstractProtocol.xnat_abstractprotocol_id
xnat:datatypeProtocol/datatypeprotocol_info                                                         xnat_datatypeProtocol1		xnat_datatypeProtocol.datatypeprotocol_info
xnat:datatypeProtocol/abstractProtocol/ID                                                           xnat_abstractProtocol2		xnat_abstractProtocol.id
xnat:datatypeProtocol/abstractProtocol/name                                                         xnat_abstractProtocol3		xnat_abstractProtocol.name
xnat:datatypeProtocol/abstractProtocol/description                                                  xnat_abstractProtocol4		xnat_abstractProtocol.description
xnat:datatypeProtocol/abstractProtocol/data-type                                                    xnat_abstractProtocol5		xnat_abstractProtocol.data_type
xnat:datatypeProtocol/abstractProtocol/extension                                                    xnat_abstractProtocol6		xnat_abstractProtocol.extension
xnat:datatypeProtocol/abstractProtocol/abstractprotocol_info                                        xnat_abstractProtocol7		xnat_abstractProtocol.abstractprotocol_info
xnat:datatypeProtocol/abstractProtocol/xnat_abstractProtocol_id                                     xnat_abstractProtocol8		xnat_abstractProtocol.xnat_abstractprotocol_id
xnat:datatypeProtocol/abstractProtocol/xnat_projectdata_id                                          xnat_abstractProtocol9		xnat_abstractProtocol.xnat_projectdata_id
xnat:datatypeProtocol/abstractProtocol/extension_item/element_name                                  xdat_meta_element10		xdat_meta_element.element_name
xnat:datatypeProtocol/abstractProtocol/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id                          xdat_meta_element11		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
xnat:datatypeProtocol/abstractProtocol/meta/xft_version                                             xnat_abstractProtocol_meta_data12		xnat_abstractProtocol_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:datatypeProtocol/abstractProtocol/meta/last_modified                                           xnat_abstractProtocol_meta_data13		xnat_abstractProtocol_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:datatypeProtocol/abstractProtocol/meta/status                                                  xnat_abstractProtocol_meta_data14		xnat_abstractProtocol_meta_data.status
xnat:datatypeProtocol/abstractProtocol/meta/activation_date                                         xnat_abstractProtocol_meta_data15		xnat_abstractProtocol_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:datatypeProtocol/abstractProtocol/meta/row_last_modified                                       xnat_abstractProtocol_meta_data16		xnat_abstractProtocol_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:datatypeProtocol/abstractProtocol/meta/insert_date                                             xnat_abstractProtocol_meta_data17		xnat_abstractProtocol_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:datatypeProtocol/abstractProtocol/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                            xnat_abstractProtocol_meta_data18		xnat_abstractProtocol_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:datatypeProtocol/abstractProtocol/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                                xnat_abstractProtocol_meta_data19		xnat_abstractProtocol_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:datatypeProtocol/abstractProtocol/meta/origin                                                  xnat_abstractProtocol_meta_data20		xnat_abstractProtocol_meta_data.origin
xnat:datatypeProtocol/abstractProtocol/meta/modified                                                xnat_abstractProtocol_meta_data21		xnat_abstractProtocol_meta_data.modified
xnat:datatypeProtocol/abstractProtocol/meta/shareable                                               xnat_abstractProtocol_meta_data22		xnat_abstractProtocol_meta_data.shareable
xnat:datatypeProtocol/abstractProtocol/meta/meta_data_id                                            xnat_abstractProtocol_meta_data23		xnat_abstractProtocol_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:datatypeProtocol/definitions/definition/ID                                                     xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup24		xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup.id
xnat:datatypeProtocol/definitions/definition/data-type                                              xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup25		xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup.data_type
xnat:datatypeProtocol/definitions/definition/description                                            xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup26		xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup.description
xnat:datatypeProtocol/definitions/definition/shareable                                              xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup27		xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup.shareable
xnat:datatypeProtocol/definitions/definition/project-specific                                       xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup28		xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup.project_specific
xnat:datatypeProtocol/definitions/definition/fielddefinitiongroup_info                              xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup29		xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup.fielddefinitiongroup_info
xnat:datatypeProtocol/definitions/definition/xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_id                           xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup30		xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup.xnat_fielddefinitiongroup_id
xnat:datatypeProtocol/definitions/definition/fields/field/name                                      xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_field31		xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_field.name
xnat:datatypeProtocol/definitions/definition/fields/field/type                                      xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_field32		xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_field.type
xnat:datatypeProtocol/definitions/definition/fields/field/datatype                                  xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_field33		xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_field.datatype
xnat:datatypeProtocol/definitions/definition/fields/field/required                                  xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_field34		xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_field.required
xnat:datatypeProtocol/definitions/definition/fields/field/sequence                                  xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_field35		xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_field.sequence
xnat:datatypeProtocol/definitions/definition/fields/field/xmlPath                                   xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_field36		xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_field.xmlpath
xnat:datatypeProtocol/definitions/definition/fields/field/group                                     xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_field37		xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_field._group
xnat:datatypeProtocol/definitions/definition/fields/field/fielddefinitiongroup_field_info           xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_field38		xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_field.fielddefinitiongroup_field_info
xnat:datatypeProtocol/definitions/definition/fields/field/xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_field_id        xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_field39		xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_field.xnat_fielddefinitiongroup_field_id
xnat:datatypeProtocol/definitions/definition/fields/field/fields_field_xnat_fielddefiniti_xnat_fielddefinitiongroup_id	xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_field40		xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_field.fields_field_xnat_fielddefiniti_xnat_fielddefinitiongroup_id
xnat:datatypeProtocol/definitions/definition/fields/field/possibleValues/possibleValue/possibleValue	xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_field_possibleValue41		xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_field_possibleValue.possiblevalue
xnat:datatypeProtocol/definitions/definition/fields/field/possibleValues/possibleValue/display      xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_field_possibleValue42		xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_field_possibleValue.display
xnat:datatypeProtocol/definitions/definition/fields/field/possibleValues/possibleValue/fielddefinitiongroup_field_possiblevalue_info	xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_field_possibleValue43		xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_field_possibleValue.fielddefinitiongroup_field_possiblevalue_info
xnat:datatypeProtocol/definitions/definition/fields/field/possibleValues/possibleValue/xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_field_possibleValue_id	xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_field_possibleValue44		xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_field_possibleValue.xnat_fielddefinitiongroup_field_possiblevalue_id
xnat:datatypeProtocol/definitions/definition/fields/field/possibleValues/possibleValue/possiblevalues_possiblevalue_xn_xnat_fielddefinitiongroup_field	xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_field_possibleValue45		xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_field_possibleValue.possiblevalues_possiblevalue_xn_xnat_fielddefinitiongroup_field
xnat:datatypeProtocol/definitions/definition/fields/field/possibleValues/possibleValue/meta/xft_version	xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_field_possibleValue_meta_data46		xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_field_possibleValue_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:datatypeProtocol/definitions/definition/fields/field/possibleValues/possibleValue/meta/last_modified	xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_field_possibleValue_meta_data47		xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_field_possibleValue_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:datatypeProtocol/definitions/definition/fields/field/possibleValues/possibleValue/meta/status  xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_field_possibleValue_meta_data48		xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_field_possibleValue_meta_data.status
xnat:datatypeProtocol/definitions/definition/fields/field/possibleValues/possibleValue/meta/activation_date	xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_field_possibleValue_meta_data49		xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_field_possibleValue_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:datatypeProtocol/definitions/definition/fields/field/possibleValues/possibleValue/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_field_possibleValue_meta_data50		xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_field_possibleValue_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:datatypeProtocol/definitions/definition/fields/field/possibleValues/possibleValue/meta/insert_date	xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_field_possibleValue_meta_data51		xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_field_possibleValue_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:datatypeProtocol/definitions/definition/fields/field/possibleValues/possibleValue/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_field_possibleValue_meta_data52		xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_field_possibleValue_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:datatypeProtocol/definitions/definition/fields/field/possibleValues/possibleValue/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_field_possibleValue_meta_data53		xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_field_possibleValue_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:datatypeProtocol/definitions/definition/fields/field/possibleValues/possibleValue/meta/origin  xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_field_possibleValue_meta_data54		xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_field_possibleValue_meta_data.origin
xnat:datatypeProtocol/definitions/definition/fields/field/possibleValues/possibleValue/meta/modified	xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_field_possibleValue_meta_data55		xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_field_possibleValue_meta_data.modified
xnat:datatypeProtocol/definitions/definition/fields/field/possibleValues/possibleValue/meta/shareable	xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_field_possibleValue_meta_data56		xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_field_possibleValue_meta_data.shareable
xnat:datatypeProtocol/definitions/definition/fields/field/possibleValues/possibleValue/meta/meta_data_id	xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_field_possibleValue_meta_data57		xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_field_possibleValue_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:datatypeProtocol/definitions/definition/fields/field/meta/xft_version                          xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_field_meta_data58		xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_field_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:datatypeProtocol/definitions/definition/fields/field/meta/last_modified                        xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_field_meta_data59		xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_field_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:datatypeProtocol/definitions/definition/fields/field/meta/status                               xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_field_meta_data60		xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_field_meta_data.status
xnat:datatypeProtocol/definitions/definition/fields/field/meta/activation_date                      xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_field_meta_data61		xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_field_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:datatypeProtocol/definitions/definition/fields/field/meta/row_last_modified                    xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_field_meta_data62		xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_field_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:datatypeProtocol/definitions/definition/fields/field/meta/insert_date                          xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_field_meta_data63		xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_field_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:datatypeProtocol/definitions/definition/fields/field/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id         xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_field_meta_data64		xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_field_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:datatypeProtocol/definitions/definition/fields/field/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id             xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_field_meta_data65		xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_field_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:datatypeProtocol/definitions/definition/fields/field/meta/origin                               xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_field_meta_data66		xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_field_meta_data.origin
xnat:datatypeProtocol/definitions/definition/fields/field/meta/modified                             xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_field_meta_data67		xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_field_meta_data.modified
xnat:datatypeProtocol/definitions/definition/fields/field/meta/shareable                            xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_field_meta_data68		xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_field_meta_data.shareable
xnat:datatypeProtocol/definitions/definition/fields/field/meta/meta_data_id                         xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_field_meta_data69		xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_field_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:datatypeProtocol/definitions/definition/meta/xft_version                                       xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_meta_data70		xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:datatypeProtocol/definitions/definition/meta/last_modified                                     xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_meta_data71		xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:datatypeProtocol/definitions/definition/meta/status                                            xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_meta_data72		xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_meta_data.status
xnat:datatypeProtocol/definitions/definition/meta/activation_date                                   xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_meta_data73		xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:datatypeProtocol/definitions/definition/meta/row_last_modified                                 xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_meta_data74		xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:datatypeProtocol/definitions/definition/meta/insert_date                                       xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_meta_data75		xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:datatypeProtocol/definitions/definition/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                      xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_meta_data76		xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:datatypeProtocol/definitions/definition/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                          xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_meta_data77		xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:datatypeProtocol/definitions/definition/meta/origin                                            xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_meta_data78		xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_meta_data.origin
xnat:datatypeProtocol/definitions/definition/meta/modified                                          xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_meta_data79		xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_meta_data.modified
xnat:datatypeProtocol/definitions/definition/meta/shareable                                         xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_meta_data80		xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_meta_data.shareable
xnat:datatypeProtocol/definitions/definition/meta/meta_data_id                                      xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_meta_data81		xnat_fieldDefinitionGroup_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:datatypeProtocol/meta/xft_version                                                              xnat_datatypeProtocol_meta_data82		xnat_datatypeProtocol_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:datatypeProtocol/meta/last_modified                                                            xnat_datatypeProtocol_meta_data83		xnat_datatypeProtocol_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:datatypeProtocol/meta/status                                                                   xnat_datatypeProtocol_meta_data84		xnat_datatypeProtocol_meta_data.status
xnat:datatypeProtocol/meta/activation_date                                                          xnat_datatypeProtocol_meta_data85		xnat_datatypeProtocol_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:datatypeProtocol/meta/row_last_modified                                                        xnat_datatypeProtocol_meta_data86		xnat_datatypeProtocol_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:datatypeProtocol/meta/insert_date                                                              xnat_datatypeProtocol_meta_data87		xnat_datatypeProtocol_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:datatypeProtocol/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                                             xnat_datatypeProtocol_meta_data88		xnat_datatypeProtocol_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:datatypeProtocol/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                                                 xnat_datatypeProtocol_meta_data89		xnat_datatypeProtocol_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:datatypeProtocol/meta/origin                                                                   xnat_datatypeProtocol_meta_data90		xnat_datatypeProtocol_meta_data.origin
xnat:datatypeProtocol/meta/modified                                                                 xnat_datatypeProtocol_meta_data91		xnat_datatypeProtocol_meta_data.modified
xnat:datatypeProtocol/meta/shareable                                                                xnat_datatypeProtocol_meta_data92		xnat_datatypeProtocol_meta_data.shareable
xnat:datatypeProtocol/meta/meta_data_id                                                             xnat_datatypeProtocol_meta_data93		xnat_datatypeProtocol_meta_data.meta_data_id
