

*********************************************

ac_s_xnat_dx3DCraniofacialSessionData_r
(ACTIVE - MULTIPLE - ROOT)

xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/id                                                                 xnat_dx3DCraniofacialSessionData0		xnat_experimentData.id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/dx3dcraniofacialsessiondata_info                                   xnat_dx3DCraniofacialSessionData1		xnat_dx3DCraniofacialSessionData.dx3dcraniofacialsessiondata_info
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/id                                                xnat_imageSessionData2		xnat_experimentData.id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scanner                                           xnat_imageSessionData3		xnat_imageSessionData.scanner
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scanner/manufacturer                              xnat_imageSessionData4		xnat_imageSessionData.scanner_manufacturer
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scanner/model                                     xnat_imageSessionData5		xnat_imageSessionData.scanner_model
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/operator                                          xnat_imageSessionData6		xnat_imageSessionData.operator
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/prearchivePath                                    xnat_imageSessionData7		xnat_imageSessionData.prearchivepath
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/dcmAccessionNumber                                xnat_imageSessionData8		xnat_imageSessionData.dcmaccessionnumber
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/dcmPatientId                                      xnat_imageSessionData9		xnat_imageSessionData.dcmpatientid
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/dcmPatientName                                    xnat_imageSessionData10		xnat_imageSessionData.dcmpatientname
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/dcmPatientBirthDate                               xnat_imageSessionData11		xnat_imageSessionData.dcmpatientbirthdate
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/session_type                                      xnat_imageSessionData12		xnat_imageSessionData.session_type
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/modality                                          xnat_imageSessionData13		xnat_imageSessionData.modality
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/UID                                               xnat_imageSessionData14		xnat_imageSessionData.uid
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/imagesessiondata_info                             xnat_imageSessionData15		xnat_imageSessionData.imagesessiondata_info
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/id                            xnat_subjectAssessorData16		xnat_experimentData.id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/subject_ID                    xnat_subjectAssessorData17		xnat_subjectAssessorData.subject_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/age                           xnat_subjectAssessorData18		xnat_subjectAssessorData.age
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/subjectassessordata_info      xnat_subjectAssessorData19		xnat_subjectAssessorData.subjectassessordata_info
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/date           xnat_experimentData20		xnat_experimentData.date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/time           xnat_experimentData21		xnat_experimentData.time
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/duration       xnat_experimentData22		xnat_experimentData.duration
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/delay          xnat_experimentData23		xnat_experimentData.delay
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/delay/ref_expt_id	xnat_experimentData24		xnat_experimentData.delay_ref_expt_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/note           xnat_experimentData25		xnat_experimentData.note
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator_xnat_investigatordata_id	xnat_experimentData26		xnat_experimentData.investigator_xnat_investigatordata_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation_xnat_validationdata_id	xnat_experimentData27		xnat_experimentData.validation_xnat_validationdata_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/acquisition_site	xnat_experimentData28		xnat_experimentData.acquisition_site
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/ID             xnat_experimentData29		xnat_experimentData.id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/project        xnat_experimentData30		xnat_experimentData.project
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/visit_id       xnat_experimentData31		xnat_experimentData.visit_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/visit          xnat_experimentData32		xnat_experimentData.visit
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/version        xnat_experimentData33		xnat_experimentData.version
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/original       xnat_experimentData34		xnat_experimentData.original
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/protocol       xnat_experimentData35		xnat_experimentData.protocol
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/label          xnat_experimentData36		xnat_experimentData.label
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/extension      xnat_experimentData37		xnat_experimentData.extension
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/experimentdata_info	xnat_experimentData38		xnat_experimentData.experimentdata_info
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/share	xnat_experimentData_share39		xnat_experimentData_share.share
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/label	xnat_experimentData_share40		xnat_experimentData_share.label
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/project	xnat_experimentData_share41		xnat_experimentData_share.project
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/visit	xnat_experimentData_share42		xnat_experimentData_share.visit
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/protocol	xnat_experimentData_share43		xnat_experimentData_share.protocol
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/experimentdata_share_info	xnat_experimentData_share44		xnat_experimentData_share.experimentdata_share_info
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/xnat_experimentData_share_id	xnat_experimentData_share45		xnat_experimentData_share.xnat_experimentdata_share_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/sharing_share_xnat_experimentda_id	xnat_experimentData_share46		xnat_experimentData_share.sharing_share_xnat_experimentda_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/xft_version	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data47		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/last_modified	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data48		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/status	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data49		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.status
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/activation_date	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data50		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data51		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/insert_date	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data52		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data53		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data54		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/origin	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data55		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.origin
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/modified	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data56		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/shareable	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data57		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.shareable
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/meta_data_id	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data58		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/title	xnat_investigatorData59		xnat_investigatorData.title
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/firstname	xnat_investigatorData60		xnat_investigatorData.firstname
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/lastname	xnat_investigatorData61		xnat_investigatorData.lastname
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/institution	xnat_investigatorData62		xnat_investigatorData.institution
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/department	xnat_investigatorData63		xnat_investigatorData.department
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/email	xnat_investigatorData64		xnat_investigatorData.email
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/phone	xnat_investigatorData65		xnat_investigatorData.phone
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/ID	xnat_investigatorData66		xnat_investigatorData.id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/investigatordata_info	xnat_investigatorData67		xnat_investigatorData.investigatordata_info
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/xnat_investigatorData_id	xnat_investigatorData68		xnat_investigatorData.xnat_investigatordata_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/xft_version	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data69		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/last_modified	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data70		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/status	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data71		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.status
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/activation_date	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data72		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data73		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/insert_date	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data74		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data75		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data76		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/origin	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data77		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.origin
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/modified	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data78		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/shareable	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data79		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/meta_data_id	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data80		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/method	xnat_validationData81		xnat_validationData.method
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/date	xnat_validationData82		xnat_validationData.date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/notes	xnat_validationData83		xnat_validationData.notes
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/validated_by	xnat_validationData84		xnat_validationData.validated_by
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/status	xnat_validationData85		xnat_validationData.status
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/validationdata_info	xnat_validationData86		xnat_validationData.validationdata_info
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/xnat_validationData_id	xnat_validationData87		xnat_validationData.xnat_validationdata_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/xft_version	xnat_validationData_meta_data88		xnat_validationData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/last_modified	xnat_validationData_meta_data89		xnat_validationData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/status	xnat_validationData_meta_data90		xnat_validationData_meta_data.status
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/activation_date	xnat_validationData_meta_data91		xnat_validationData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_validationData_meta_data92		xnat_validationData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/insert_date	xnat_validationData_meta_data93		xnat_validationData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_validationData_meta_data94		xnat_validationData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_validationData_meta_data95		xnat_validationData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/origin	xnat_validationData_meta_data96		xnat_validationData_meta_data.origin
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/modified	xnat_validationData_meta_data97		xnat_validationData_meta_data.modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/shareable	xnat_validationData_meta_data98		xnat_validationData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/meta_data_id	xnat_validationData_meta_data99		xnat_validationData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/note	xnat_abstractResource100		xnat_abstractResource.note
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/label	xnat_abstractResource101		xnat_abstractResource.label
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/file_count	xnat_abstractResource102		xnat_abstractResource.file_count
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/file_size	xnat_abstractResource103		xnat_abstractResource.file_size
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/extension	xnat_abstractResource104		xnat_abstractResource.extension
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/abstractresource_info	xnat_abstractResource105		xnat_abstractResource.abstractresource_info
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/xnat_abstractResource_id	xnat_abstractResource106		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id	xnat_abstractResource107		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/tag	xnat_abstractResource_tag108		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tag
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/name	xnat_abstractResource_tag109		xnat_abstractResource_tag.name
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/abstractresource_tag_info	xnat_abstractResource_tag110		xnat_abstractResource_tag.abstractresource_tag_info
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/xnat_abstractResource_tag_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag111		xnat_abstractResource_tag.xnat_abstractresource_tag_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag112		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/xft_version	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data113		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/last_modified	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data114		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/status	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data115		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.status
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/activation_date	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data116		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data117		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/insert_date	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data118		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data119		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data120		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/origin	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data121		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.origin
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/modified	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data122		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/shareable	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data123		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.shareable
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/meta_data_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data124		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/extension_item/element_name	xdat_meta_element125		xdat_meta_element.element_name
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id	xdat_meta_element126		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/xft_version	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data127		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/last_modified	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data128		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/status	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data129		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.status
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/activation_date	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data130		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data131		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/insert_date	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data132		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data133		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data134		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/origin	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data135		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.origin
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/modified	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data136		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/shareable	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data137		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.shareable
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/meta_data_id	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data138		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/field	xnat_experimentData_field139		xnat_experimentData_field.field
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/name	xnat_experimentData_field140		xnat_experimentData_field.name
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/experimentdata_field_info	xnat_experimentData_field141		xnat_experimentData_field.experimentdata_field_info
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/xnat_experimentData_field_id	xnat_experimentData_field142		xnat_experimentData_field.xnat_experimentdata_field_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/fields_field_xnat_experimentdat_id	xnat_experimentData_field143		xnat_experimentData_field.fields_field_xnat_experimentdat_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/xft_version	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data144		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/last_modified	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data145		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/status	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data146		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.status
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/activation_date	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data147		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data148		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/insert_date	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data149		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data150		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data151		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/origin	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data152		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.origin
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/modified	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data153		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/shareable	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data154		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.shareable
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/meta_data_id	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data155		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/extension_item/element_name	xdat_meta_element156		xdat_meta_element.element_name
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id	xdat_meta_element157		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/xft_version	xnat_experimentData_meta_data158		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/last_modified	xnat_experimentData_meta_data159		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/status    xnat_experimentData_meta_data160		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.status
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/activation_date	xnat_experimentData_meta_data161		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_experimentData_meta_data162		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/insert_date	xnat_experimentData_meta_data163		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_experimentData_meta_data164		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_experimentData_meta_data165		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/origin    xnat_experimentData_meta_data166		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.origin
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/modified  xnat_experimentData_meta_data167		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/shareable xnat_experimentData_meta_data168		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/meta_data_id	xnat_experimentData_meta_data169		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/meta/xft_version              xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data170		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/meta/last_modified            xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data171		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/meta/status                   xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data172		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.status
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/meta/activation_date          xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data173		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/meta/row_last_modified        xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data174		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/meta/insert_date              xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data175		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data176		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data177		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/meta/origin                   xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data178		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.origin
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/meta/modified                 xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data179		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/meta/shareable                xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data180		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/meta/meta_data_id             xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data181		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file_xnat_abstractresource_id      xnat_regionResource182		xnat_regionResource.file_xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage_xnat_abstractresource_id xnat_regionResource183		xnat_regionResource.baseimage_xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/creator/firstname                  xnat_regionResource184		xnat_regionResource.creator_firstname
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/creator/lastname                   xnat_regionResource185		xnat_regionResource.creator_lastname
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/name                               xnat_regionResource186		xnat_regionResource.name
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/hemisphere                         xnat_regionResource187		xnat_regionResource.hemisphere
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/session_id                         xnat_regionResource188		xnat_regionResource.session_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/regionresource_info                xnat_regionResource189		xnat_regionResource.regionresource_info
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/xnat_regionResource_id             xnat_regionResource190		xnat_regionResource.xnat_regionresource_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/note                          xnat_abstractResource191		xnat_abstractResource.note
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/label                         xnat_abstractResource192		xnat_abstractResource.label
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/file_count                    xnat_abstractResource193		xnat_abstractResource.file_count
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/file_size                     xnat_abstractResource194		xnat_abstractResource.file_size
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/extension                     xnat_abstractResource195		xnat_abstractResource.extension
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/abstractresource_info         xnat_abstractResource196		xnat_abstractResource.abstractresource_info
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/xnat_abstractResource_id      xnat_abstractResource197		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id	xnat_abstractResource198		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/tags/tag/tag                  xnat_abstractResource_tag199		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tag
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/tags/tag/name                 xnat_abstractResource_tag200		xnat_abstractResource_tag.name
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/tags/tag/abstractresource_tag_info	xnat_abstractResource_tag201		xnat_abstractResource_tag.abstractresource_tag_info
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/tags/tag/xnat_abstractResource_tag_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag202		xnat_abstractResource_tag.xnat_abstractresource_tag_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/tags/tag/tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag203		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/tags/tag/meta/xft_version     xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data204		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/tags/tag/meta/last_modified   xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data205		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/tags/tag/meta/status          xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data206		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.status
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/tags/tag/meta/activation_date xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data207		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/tags/tag/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data208		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/tags/tag/meta/insert_date     xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data209		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/tags/tag/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data210		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/tags/tag/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data211		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/tags/tag/meta/origin          xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data212		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.origin
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/tags/tag/meta/modified        xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data213		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/tags/tag/meta/shareable       xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data214		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.shareable
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/tags/tag/meta/meta_data_id    xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data215		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/extension_item/element_name   xdat_meta_element216		xdat_meta_element.element_name
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id	xdat_meta_element217		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/meta/xft_version              xnat_abstractResource_meta_data218		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/meta/last_modified            xnat_abstractResource_meta_data219		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/meta/status                   xnat_abstractResource_meta_data220		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.status
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/meta/activation_date          xnat_abstractResource_meta_data221		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/meta/row_last_modified        xnat_abstractResource_meta_data222		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/meta/insert_date              xnat_abstractResource_meta_data223		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data224		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id xnat_abstractResource_meta_data225		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/meta/origin                   xnat_abstractResource_meta_data226		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.origin
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/meta/modified                 xnat_abstractResource_meta_data227		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/meta/shareable                xnat_abstractResource_meta_data228		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.shareable
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/meta/meta_data_id             xnat_abstractResource_meta_data229		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/note                     xnat_abstractResource230		xnat_abstractResource.note
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/label                    xnat_abstractResource231		xnat_abstractResource.label
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/file_count               xnat_abstractResource232		xnat_abstractResource.file_count
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/file_size                xnat_abstractResource233		xnat_abstractResource.file_size
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/extension                xnat_abstractResource234		xnat_abstractResource.extension
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/abstractresource_info    xnat_abstractResource235		xnat_abstractResource.abstractresource_info
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/xnat_abstractResource_id xnat_abstractResource236		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id	xnat_abstractResource237		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/tags/tag/tag             xnat_abstractResource_tag238		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tag
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/tags/tag/name            xnat_abstractResource_tag239		xnat_abstractResource_tag.name
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/tags/tag/abstractresource_tag_info	xnat_abstractResource_tag240		xnat_abstractResource_tag.abstractresource_tag_info
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/tags/tag/xnat_abstractResource_tag_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag241		xnat_abstractResource_tag.xnat_abstractresource_tag_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/tags/tag/tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag242		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/tags/tag/meta/xft_version	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data243		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/tags/tag/meta/last_modified	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data244		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/tags/tag/meta/status     xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data245		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.status
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/tags/tag/meta/activation_date	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data246		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/tags/tag/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data247		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/tags/tag/meta/insert_date	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data248		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/tags/tag/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data249		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/tags/tag/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data250		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/tags/tag/meta/origin     xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data251		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.origin
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/tags/tag/meta/modified   xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data252		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/tags/tag/meta/shareable  xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data253		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.shareable
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/tags/tag/meta/meta_data_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data254		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/extension_item/element_name	xdat_meta_element255		xdat_meta_element.element_name
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id	xdat_meta_element256		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/meta/xft_version         xnat_abstractResource_meta_data257		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/meta/last_modified       xnat_abstractResource_meta_data258		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/meta/status              xnat_abstractResource_meta_data259		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.status
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/meta/activation_date     xnat_abstractResource_meta_data260		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/meta/row_last_modified   xnat_abstractResource_meta_data261		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/meta/insert_date         xnat_abstractResource_meta_data262		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data263		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data264		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/meta/origin              xnat_abstractResource_meta_data265		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.origin
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/meta/modified            xnat_abstractResource_meta_data266		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/meta/shareable           xnat_abstractResource_meta_data267		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.shareable
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/meta/meta_data_id        xnat_abstractResource_meta_data268		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/subregionlabels/label/label        xnat_regionResource_label269		xnat_regionResource_label.label
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/subregionlabels/label/id           xnat_regionResource_label270		xnat_regionResource_label.id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/subregionlabels/label/hemisphere   xnat_regionResource_label271		xnat_regionResource_label.hemisphere
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/subregionlabels/label/regionresource_label_info	xnat_regionResource_label272		xnat_regionResource_label.regionresource_label_info
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/subregionlabels/label/xnat_regionResource_label_id	xnat_regionResource_label273		xnat_regionResource_label.xnat_regionresource_label_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/subregionlabels/label/subregionlabels_label_xnat_regi_xnat_regionresource_id	xnat_regionResource_label274		xnat_regionResource_label.subregionlabels_label_xnat_regi_xnat_regionresource_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/subregionlabels/label/meta/xft_version	xnat_regionResource_label_meta_data275		xnat_regionResource_label_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/subregionlabels/label/meta/last_modified	xnat_regionResource_label_meta_data276		xnat_regionResource_label_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/subregionlabels/label/meta/status  xnat_regionResource_label_meta_data277		xnat_regionResource_label_meta_data.status
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/subregionlabels/label/meta/activation_date	xnat_regionResource_label_meta_data278		xnat_regionResource_label_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/subregionlabels/label/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_regionResource_label_meta_data279		xnat_regionResource_label_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/subregionlabels/label/meta/insert_date	xnat_regionResource_label_meta_data280		xnat_regionResource_label_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/subregionlabels/label/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_regionResource_label_meta_data281		xnat_regionResource_label_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/subregionlabels/label/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_regionResource_label_meta_data282		xnat_regionResource_label_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/subregionlabels/label/meta/origin  xnat_regionResource_label_meta_data283		xnat_regionResource_label_meta_data.origin
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/subregionlabels/label/meta/modified	xnat_regionResource_label_meta_data284		xnat_regionResource_label_meta_data.modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/subregionlabels/label/meta/shareable	xnat_regionResource_label_meta_data285		xnat_regionResource_label_meta_data.shareable
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/subregionlabels/label/meta/meta_data_id	xnat_regionResource_label_meta_data286		xnat_regionResource_label_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/meta/xft_version                   xnat_regionResource_meta_data287		xnat_regionResource_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/meta/last_modified                 xnat_regionResource_meta_data288		xnat_regionResource_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/meta/status                        xnat_regionResource_meta_data289		xnat_regionResource_meta_data.status
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/meta/activation_date               xnat_regionResource_meta_data290		xnat_regionResource_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/meta/row_last_modified             xnat_regionResource_meta_data291		xnat_regionResource_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/meta/insert_date                   xnat_regionResource_meta_data292		xnat_regionResource_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id  xnat_regionResource_meta_data293		xnat_regionResource_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id      xnat_regionResource_meta_data294		xnat_regionResource_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/meta/origin                        xnat_regionResource_meta_data295		xnat_regionResource_meta_data.origin
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/meta/modified                      xnat_regionResource_meta_data296		xnat_regionResource_meta_data.modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/meta/shareable                     xnat_regionResource_meta_data297		xnat_regionResource_meta_data.shareable
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/meta/meta_data_id                  xnat_regionResource_meta_data298		xnat_regionResource_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/image_session_ID                       xnat_imageScanData299		xnat_imageScanData.image_session_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/note                                   xnat_imageScanData300		xnat_imageScanData.note
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/quality                                xnat_imageScanData301		xnat_imageScanData.quality
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/condition                              xnat_imageScanData302		xnat_imageScanData.condition
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/series_description                     xnat_imageScanData303		xnat_imageScanData.series_description
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/documentation                          xnat_imageScanData304		xnat_imageScanData.documentation
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/scanner                                xnat_imageScanData305		xnat_imageScanData.scanner
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/scanner/manufacturer                   xnat_imageScanData306		xnat_imageScanData.scanner_manufacturer
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/scanner/model                          xnat_imageScanData307		xnat_imageScanData.scanner_model
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/modality                               xnat_imageScanData308		xnat_imageScanData.modality
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/frames                                 xnat_imageScanData309		xnat_imageScanData.frames
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/operator                               xnat_imageScanData310		xnat_imageScanData.operator
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/validation_xnat_validationdata_id      xnat_imageScanData311		xnat_imageScanData.validation_xnat_validationdata_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/startTime                              xnat_imageScanData312		xnat_imageScanData.starttime
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/ID                                     xnat_imageScanData313		xnat_imageScanData.id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/type                                   xnat_imageScanData314		xnat_imageScanData.type
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/UID                                    xnat_imageScanData315		xnat_imageScanData.uid
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/project                                xnat_imageScanData316		xnat_imageScanData.project
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/extension                              xnat_imageScanData317		xnat_imageScanData.extension
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/imagescandata_info                     xnat_imageScanData318		xnat_imageScanData.imagescandata_info
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/xnat_imageScanData_id                  xnat_imageScanData319		xnat_imageScanData.xnat_imagescandata_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/sharing/share/share                    xnat_imageScanData_share320		xnat_imageScanData_share.share
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/sharing/share/label                    xnat_imageScanData_share321		xnat_imageScanData_share.label
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/sharing/share/project                  xnat_imageScanData_share322		xnat_imageScanData_share.project
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/sharing/share/imagescandata_share_info xnat_imageScanData_share323		xnat_imageScanData_share.imagescandata_share_info
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/sharing/share/xnat_imageScanData_share_id	xnat_imageScanData_share324		xnat_imageScanData_share.xnat_imagescandata_share_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/sharing/share/sharing_share_xnat_imagescandat_xnat_imagescandata_id	xnat_imageScanData_share325		xnat_imageScanData_share.sharing_share_xnat_imagescandat_xnat_imagescandata_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/sharing/share/meta/xft_version         xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data326		xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/sharing/share/meta/last_modified       xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data327		xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/sharing/share/meta/status              xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data328		xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data.status
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/sharing/share/meta/activation_date     xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data329		xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/sharing/share/meta/row_last_modified   xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data330		xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/sharing/share/meta/insert_date         xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data331		xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/sharing/share/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data332		xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/sharing/share/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data333		xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/sharing/share/meta/origin              xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data334		xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data.origin
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/sharing/share/meta/modified            xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data335		xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data.modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/sharing/share/meta/shareable           xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data336		xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data.shareable
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/sharing/share/meta/meta_data_id        xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data337		xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/note                              xnat_abstractResource338		xnat_abstractResource.note
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/label                             xnat_abstractResource339		xnat_abstractResource.label
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/file_count                        xnat_abstractResource340		xnat_abstractResource.file_count
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/file_size                         xnat_abstractResource341		xnat_abstractResource.file_size
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/extension                         xnat_abstractResource342		xnat_abstractResource.extension
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/abstractresource_info             xnat_abstractResource343		xnat_abstractResource.abstractresource_info
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/xnat_abstractResource_id          xnat_abstractResource344		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id	xnat_abstractResource345		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/tags/tag/tag                      xnat_abstractResource_tag346		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tag
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/tags/tag/name                     xnat_abstractResource_tag347		xnat_abstractResource_tag.name
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/tags/tag/abstractresource_tag_info	xnat_abstractResource_tag348		xnat_abstractResource_tag.abstractresource_tag_info
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/tags/tag/xnat_abstractResource_tag_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag349		xnat_abstractResource_tag.xnat_abstractresource_tag_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/tags/tag/tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag350		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/tags/tag/meta/xft_version         xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data351		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/tags/tag/meta/last_modified       xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data352		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/tags/tag/meta/status              xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data353		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.status
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/tags/tag/meta/activation_date     xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data354		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/tags/tag/meta/row_last_modified   xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data355		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/tags/tag/meta/insert_date         xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data356		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/tags/tag/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data357		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/tags/tag/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data358		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/tags/tag/meta/origin              xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data359		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.origin
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/tags/tag/meta/modified            xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data360		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/tags/tag/meta/shareable           xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data361		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.shareable
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/tags/tag/meta/meta_data_id        xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data362		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/extension_item/element_name       xdat_meta_element363		xdat_meta_element.element_name
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id	xdat_meta_element364		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/meta/xft_version                  xnat_abstractResource_meta_data365		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/meta/last_modified                xnat_abstractResource_meta_data366		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/meta/status                       xnat_abstractResource_meta_data367		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.status
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/meta/activation_date              xnat_abstractResource_meta_data368		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/meta/row_last_modified            xnat_abstractResource_meta_data369		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/meta/insert_date                  xnat_abstractResource_meta_data370		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id xnat_abstractResource_meta_data371		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id     xnat_abstractResource_meta_data372		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/meta/origin                       xnat_abstractResource_meta_data373		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.origin
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/meta/modified                     xnat_abstractResource_meta_data374		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/meta/shareable                    xnat_abstractResource_meta_data375		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.shareable
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/meta/meta_data_id                 xnat_abstractResource_meta_data376		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/validation/method                      xnat_validationData377		xnat_validationData.method
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/validation/date                        xnat_validationData378		xnat_validationData.date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/validation/notes                       xnat_validationData379		xnat_validationData.notes
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/validation/validated_by                xnat_validationData380		xnat_validationData.validated_by
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/validation/status                      xnat_validationData381		xnat_validationData.status
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/validation/validationdata_info         xnat_validationData382		xnat_validationData.validationdata_info
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/validation/xnat_validationData_id      xnat_validationData383		xnat_validationData.xnat_validationdata_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/validation/meta/xft_version            xnat_validationData_meta_data384		xnat_validationData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/validation/meta/last_modified          xnat_validationData_meta_data385		xnat_validationData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/validation/meta/status                 xnat_validationData_meta_data386		xnat_validationData_meta_data.status
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/validation/meta/activation_date        xnat_validationData_meta_data387		xnat_validationData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/validation/meta/row_last_modified      xnat_validationData_meta_data388		xnat_validationData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/validation/meta/insert_date            xnat_validationData_meta_data389		xnat_validationData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/validation/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_validationData_meta_data390		xnat_validationData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/validation/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_validationData_meta_data391		xnat_validationData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/validation/meta/origin                 xnat_validationData_meta_data392		xnat_validationData_meta_data.origin
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/validation/meta/modified               xnat_validationData_meta_data393		xnat_validationData_meta_data.modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/validation/meta/shareable              xnat_validationData_meta_data394		xnat_validationData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/validation/meta/meta_data_id           xnat_validationData_meta_data395		xnat_validationData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/extension_item/element_name            xdat_meta_element396		xdat_meta_element.element_name
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id    xdat_meta_element397		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/meta/xft_version                       xnat_imageScanData_meta_data398		xnat_imageScanData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/meta/last_modified                     xnat_imageScanData_meta_data399		xnat_imageScanData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/meta/status                            xnat_imageScanData_meta_data400		xnat_imageScanData_meta_data.status
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/meta/activation_date                   xnat_imageScanData_meta_data401		xnat_imageScanData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/meta/row_last_modified                 xnat_imageScanData_meta_data402		xnat_imageScanData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/meta/insert_date                       xnat_imageScanData_meta_data403		xnat_imageScanData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id      xnat_imageScanData_meta_data404		xnat_imageScanData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id          xnat_imageScanData_meta_data405		xnat_imageScanData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/meta/origin                            xnat_imageScanData_meta_data406		xnat_imageScanData_meta_data.origin
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/meta/modified                          xnat_imageScanData_meta_data407		xnat_imageScanData_meta_data.modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/meta/shareable                         xnat_imageScanData_meta_data408		xnat_imageScanData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/meta/meta_data_id                      xnat_imageScanData_meta_data409		xnat_imageScanData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/image_session_ID	xnat_reconstructedImageData410		xnat_reconstructedImageData.image_session_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance_prov_process_id	xnat_reconstructedImageData411		xnat_reconstructedImageData.provenance_prov_process_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/ID             xnat_reconstructedImageData412		xnat_reconstructedImageData.id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/type           xnat_reconstructedImageData413		xnat_reconstructedImageData.type
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/baseScanType   xnat_reconstructedImageData414		xnat_reconstructedImageData.basescantype
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/reconstructedimagedata_info	xnat_reconstructedImageData415		xnat_reconstructedImageData.reconstructedimagedata_info
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/xnat_reconstructedImageData_id	xnat_reconstructedImageData416		xnat_reconstructedImageData.xnat_reconstructedimagedata_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/inScans/scanID/scanID	xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID417		xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID.scanid
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/inScans/scanID/reconstructedimagedata_scanid_info	xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID418		xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID.reconstructedimagedata_scanid_info
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/inScans/scanID/xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_id	xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID419		xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID.xnat_reconstructedimagedata_scanid_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/inScans/scanID/inscans_scanid_xnat_reconstruct_xnat_reconstructedimagedata_id	xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID420		xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID.inscans_scanid_xnat_reconstruct_xnat_reconstructedimagedata_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/inScans/scanID/meta/xft_version	xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data421		xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/inScans/scanID/meta/last_modified	xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data422		xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/inScans/scanID/meta/status	xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data423		xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data.status
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/inScans/scanID/meta/activation_date	xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data424		xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/inScans/scanID/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data425		xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/inScans/scanID/meta/insert_date	xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data426		xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/inScans/scanID/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data427		xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/inScans/scanID/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data428		xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/inScans/scanID/meta/origin	xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data429		xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data.origin
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/inScans/scanID/meta/modified	xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data430		xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data.modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/inScans/scanID/meta/shareable	xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data431		xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data.shareable
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/inScans/scanID/meta/meta_data_id	xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data432		xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/note   xnat_abstractResource433		xnat_abstractResource.note
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/label  xnat_abstractResource434		xnat_abstractResource.label
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/file_count	xnat_abstractResource435		xnat_abstractResource.file_count
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/file_size	xnat_abstractResource436		xnat_abstractResource.file_size
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/extension	xnat_abstractResource437		xnat_abstractResource.extension
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/abstractresource_info	xnat_abstractResource438		xnat_abstractResource.abstractresource_info
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/xnat_abstractResource_id	xnat_abstractResource439		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id	xnat_abstractResource440		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/tags/tag/tag	xnat_abstractResource_tag441		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tag
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/tags/tag/name	xnat_abstractResource_tag442		xnat_abstractResource_tag.name
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/tags/tag/abstractresource_tag_info	xnat_abstractResource_tag443		xnat_abstractResource_tag.abstractresource_tag_info
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/tags/tag/xnat_abstractResource_tag_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag444		xnat_abstractResource_tag.xnat_abstractresource_tag_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/tags/tag/tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag445		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/tags/tag/meta/xft_version	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data446		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/tags/tag/meta/last_modified	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data447		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/tags/tag/meta/status	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data448		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.status
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/tags/tag/meta/activation_date	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data449		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/tags/tag/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data450		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/tags/tag/meta/insert_date	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data451		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/tags/tag/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data452		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/tags/tag/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data453		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/tags/tag/meta/origin	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data454		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.origin
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/tags/tag/meta/modified	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data455		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/tags/tag/meta/shareable	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data456		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.shareable
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/tags/tag/meta/meta_data_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data457		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/extension_item/element_name	xdat_meta_element458		xdat_meta_element.element_name
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id	xdat_meta_element459		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/meta/xft_version	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data460		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/meta/last_modified	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data461		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/meta/status	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data462		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.status
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/meta/activation_date	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data463		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data464		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/meta/insert_date	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data465		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data466		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data467		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/meta/origin	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data468		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.origin
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/meta/modified	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data469		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/meta/shareable	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data470		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.shareable
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/meta/meta_data_id	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data471		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/note  xnat_abstractResource472		xnat_abstractResource.note
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/label xnat_abstractResource473		xnat_abstractResource.label
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/file_count	xnat_abstractResource474		xnat_abstractResource.file_count
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/file_size	xnat_abstractResource475		xnat_abstractResource.file_size
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/extension	xnat_abstractResource476		xnat_abstractResource.extension
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/abstractresource_info	xnat_abstractResource477		xnat_abstractResource.abstractresource_info
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/xnat_abstractResource_id	xnat_abstractResource478		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id	xnat_abstractResource479		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/tags/tag/tag	xnat_abstractResource_tag480		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tag
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/tags/tag/name	xnat_abstractResource_tag481		xnat_abstractResource_tag.name
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/tags/tag/abstractresource_tag_info	xnat_abstractResource_tag482		xnat_abstractResource_tag.abstractresource_tag_info
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/tags/tag/xnat_abstractResource_tag_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag483		xnat_abstractResource_tag.xnat_abstractresource_tag_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/tags/tag/tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag484		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/tags/tag/meta/xft_version	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data485		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/tags/tag/meta/last_modified	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data486		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/tags/tag/meta/status	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data487		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.status
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/tags/tag/meta/activation_date	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data488		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/tags/tag/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data489		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/tags/tag/meta/insert_date	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data490		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/tags/tag/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data491		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/tags/tag/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data492		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/tags/tag/meta/origin	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data493		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.origin
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/tags/tag/meta/modified	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data494		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/tags/tag/meta/shareable	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data495		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.shareable
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/tags/tag/meta/meta_data_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data496		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/extension_item/element_name	xdat_meta_element497		xdat_meta_element.element_name
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id	xdat_meta_element498		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/meta/xft_version	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data499		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/meta/last_modified	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data500		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/meta/status	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data501		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.status
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/meta/activation_date	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data502		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data503		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/meta/insert_date	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data504		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data505		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data506		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/meta/origin	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data507		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.origin
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/meta/modified	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data508		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/meta/shareable	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data509		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.shareable
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/meta/meta_data_id	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data510		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/process_info	prov_process511		prov_process.process_info
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/prov_process_id	prov_process512		prov_process.prov_process_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/program	prov_processStep513		prov_processStep.program
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/program/version	prov_processStep514		prov_processStep.program_version
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/program/arguments	prov_processStep515		prov_processStep.program_arguments
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/timestamp	prov_processStep516		prov_processStep.timestamp
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/cvs	prov_processStep517		prov_processStep.cvs
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/user	prov_processStep518		prov_processStep.user_name
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/machine	prov_processStep519		prov_processStep.machine
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/platform	prov_processStep520		prov_processStep.platform
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/platform/version	prov_processStep521		prov_processStep.platform_version
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/compiler	prov_processStep522		prov_processStep.compiler
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/compiler/version	prov_processStep523		prov_processStep.compiler_version
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/processstep_info	prov_processStep524		prov_processStep.processstep_info
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/prov_processStep_id	prov_processStep525		prov_processStep.prov_processstep_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/prov_process_prov_process_id	prov_processStep526		prov_processStep.prov_process_prov_process_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/library/library	prov_processStep_library527		prov_processStep_library.library
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/library/version	prov_processStep_library528		prov_processStep_library.version
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/library/processstep_library_info	prov_processStep_library529		prov_processStep_library.processstep_library_info
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/library/prov_processStep_library_id	prov_processStep_library530		prov_processStep_library.prov_processstep_library_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/library/prov_processstep_prov_processstep_id	prov_processStep_library531		prov_processStep_library.prov_processstep_prov_processstep_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/library/meta/xft_version	prov_processStep_library_meta_data532		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/library/meta/last_modified	prov_processStep_library_meta_data533		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/library/meta/status	prov_processStep_library_meta_data534		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.status
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/library/meta/activation_date	prov_processStep_library_meta_data535		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/library/meta/row_last_modified	prov_processStep_library_meta_data536		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/library/meta/insert_date	prov_processStep_library_meta_data537		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/library/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	prov_processStep_library_meta_data538		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/library/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	prov_processStep_library_meta_data539		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/library/meta/origin	prov_processStep_library_meta_data540		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.origin
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/library/meta/modified	prov_processStep_library_meta_data541		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/library/meta/shareable	prov_processStep_library_meta_data542		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.shareable
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/library/meta/meta_data_id	prov_processStep_library_meta_data543		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/meta/xft_version	prov_processStep_meta_data544		prov_processStep_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/meta/last_modified	prov_processStep_meta_data545		prov_processStep_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/meta/status	prov_processStep_meta_data546		prov_processStep_meta_data.status
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/meta/activation_date	prov_processStep_meta_data547		prov_processStep_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/meta/row_last_modified	prov_processStep_meta_data548		prov_processStep_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/meta/insert_date	prov_processStep_meta_data549		prov_processStep_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	prov_processStep_meta_data550		prov_processStep_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	prov_processStep_meta_data551		prov_processStep_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/meta/origin	prov_processStep_meta_data552		prov_processStep_meta_data.origin
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/meta/modified	prov_processStep_meta_data553		prov_processStep_meta_data.modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/meta/shareable	prov_processStep_meta_data554		prov_processStep_meta_data.shareable
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/meta/meta_data_id	prov_processStep_meta_data555		prov_processStep_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/meta/xft_version	prov_process_meta_data556		prov_process_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/meta/last_modified	prov_process_meta_data557		prov_process_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/meta/status	prov_process_meta_data558		prov_process_meta_data.status
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/meta/activation_date	prov_process_meta_data559		prov_process_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/meta/row_last_modified	prov_process_meta_data560		prov_process_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/meta/insert_date	prov_process_meta_data561		prov_process_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	prov_process_meta_data562		prov_process_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	prov_process_meta_data563		prov_process_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/meta/origin	prov_process_meta_data564		prov_process_meta_data.origin
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/meta/modified	prov_process_meta_data565		prov_process_meta_data.modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/meta/shareable	prov_process_meta_data566		prov_process_meta_data.shareable
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/meta/meta_data_id	prov_process_meta_data567		prov_process_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/parameters/addParam/addField	xnat_addField568		xnat_addField.addfield
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/parameters/addParam/name	xnat_addField569		xnat_addField.name
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/parameters/addParam/addfield_info	xnat_addField570		xnat_addField.addfield_info
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/parameters/addParam/xnat_addField_id	xnat_addField571		xnat_addField.xnat_addfield_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/parameters/addParam/parameters_addparam_xnat_mrscan_xnat_imagescandata_id	xnat_addField572		xnat_addField.parameters_addparam_xnat_mrscan_xnat_imagescandata_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/parameters/addParam/parameters_addparam_xnat_recons_xnat_reconstructedimagedata_id	xnat_addField573		xnat_addField.parameters_addparam_xnat_recons_xnat_reconstructedimagedata_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/parameters/addParam/parameters_addparam_xnat_petsca_xnat_imagescandata_id	xnat_addField574		xnat_addField.parameters_addparam_xnat_petsca_xnat_imagescandata_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/parameters/addParam/parameters_addparam_xnat_imagea_id	xnat_addField575		xnat_addField.parameters_addparam_xnat_imagea_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/parameters/addParam/meta/xft_version	xnat_addField_meta_data576		xnat_addField_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/parameters/addParam/meta/last_modified	xnat_addField_meta_data577		xnat_addField_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/parameters/addParam/meta/status	xnat_addField_meta_data578		xnat_addField_meta_data.status
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/parameters/addParam/meta/activation_date	xnat_addField_meta_data579		xnat_addField_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/parameters/addParam/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_addField_meta_data580		xnat_addField_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/parameters/addParam/meta/insert_date	xnat_addField_meta_data581		xnat_addField_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/parameters/addParam/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_addField_meta_data582		xnat_addField_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/parameters/addParam/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_addField_meta_data583		xnat_addField_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/parameters/addParam/meta/origin	xnat_addField_meta_data584		xnat_addField_meta_data.origin
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/parameters/addParam/meta/modified	xnat_addField_meta_data585		xnat_addField_meta_data.modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/parameters/addParam/meta/shareable	xnat_addField_meta_data586		xnat_addField_meta_data.shareable
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/parameters/addParam/meta/meta_data_id	xnat_addField_meta_data587		xnat_addField_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/computations/datum/name	xnat_computationData588		xnat_computationData.name
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/computations/datum/value	xnat_computationData589		xnat_computationData.value
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/computations/datum/source	xnat_computationData590		xnat_computationData.source
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/computations/datum/units	xnat_computationData591		xnat_computationData.units
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/computations/datum/computationdata_info	xnat_computationData592		xnat_computationData.computationdata_info
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/computations/datum/xnat_computationData_id	xnat_computationData593		xnat_computationData.xnat_computationdata_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/computations/datum/computations_datum_xnat_reconst_xnat_reconstructedimagedata_id	xnat_computationData594		xnat_computationData.computations_datum_xnat_reconst_xnat_reconstructedimagedata_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/computations/datum/meta/xft_version	xnat_computationData_meta_data595		xnat_computationData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/computations/datum/meta/last_modified	xnat_computationData_meta_data596		xnat_computationData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/computations/datum/meta/status	xnat_computationData_meta_data597		xnat_computationData_meta_data.status
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/computations/datum/meta/activation_date	xnat_computationData_meta_data598		xnat_computationData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/computations/datum/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_computationData_meta_data599		xnat_computationData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/computations/datum/meta/insert_date	xnat_computationData_meta_data600		xnat_computationData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/computations/datum/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_computationData_meta_data601		xnat_computationData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/computations/datum/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_computationData_meta_data602		xnat_computationData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/computations/datum/meta/origin	xnat_computationData_meta_data603		xnat_computationData_meta_data.origin
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/computations/datum/meta/modified	xnat_computationData_meta_data604		xnat_computationData_meta_data.modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/computations/datum/meta/shareable	xnat_computationData_meta_data605		xnat_computationData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/computations/datum/meta/meta_data_id	xnat_computationData_meta_data606		xnat_computationData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/meta/xft_version	xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data607		xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/meta/last_modified	xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data608		xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/meta/status    xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data609		xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data.status
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/meta/activation_date	xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data610		xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data611		xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/meta/insert_date	xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data612		xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data613		xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data614		xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/meta/origin    xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data615		xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data.origin
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/meta/modified  xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data616		xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data.modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/meta/shareable xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data617		xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/meta/meta_data_id	xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data618		xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/id                             xnat_imageAssessorData619		xnat_experimentData.id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/imageSession_ID                xnat_imageAssessorData620		xnat_imageAssessorData.imagesession_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/imageassessordata_info         xnat_imageAssessorData621		xnat_imageAssessorData.imageassessordata_info
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/id                 xnat_derivedData622		xnat_experimentData.id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance_prov_process_id	xnat_derivedData623		xnat_derivedData.provenance_prov_process_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/deriveddata_info   xnat_derivedData624		xnat_derivedData.deriveddata_info
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/date	xnat_experimentData625		xnat_experimentData.date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/time	xnat_experimentData626		xnat_experimentData.time
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/duration	xnat_experimentData627		xnat_experimentData.duration
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/delay	xnat_experimentData628		xnat_experimentData.delay
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/delay/ref_expt_id	xnat_experimentData629		xnat_experimentData.delay_ref_expt_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/note	xnat_experimentData630		xnat_experimentData.note
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/investigator_xnat_investigatordata_id	xnat_experimentData631		xnat_experimentData.investigator_xnat_investigatordata_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/validation_xnat_validationdata_id	xnat_experimentData632		xnat_experimentData.validation_xnat_validationdata_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/acquisition_site	xnat_experimentData633		xnat_experimentData.acquisition_site
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/ID  xnat_experimentData634		xnat_experimentData.id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/project	xnat_experimentData635		xnat_experimentData.project
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/visit_id	xnat_experimentData636		xnat_experimentData.visit_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/visit	xnat_experimentData637		xnat_experimentData.visit
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/version	xnat_experimentData638		xnat_experimentData.version
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/original	xnat_experimentData639		xnat_experimentData.original
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/protocol	xnat_experimentData640		xnat_experimentData.protocol
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/label	xnat_experimentData641		xnat_experimentData.label
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/extension	xnat_experimentData642		xnat_experimentData.extension
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/experimentdata_info	xnat_experimentData643		xnat_experimentData.experimentdata_info
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/share	xnat_experimentData_share644		xnat_experimentData_share.share
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/label	xnat_experimentData_share645		xnat_experimentData_share.label
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/project	xnat_experimentData_share646		xnat_experimentData_share.project
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/visit	xnat_experimentData_share647		xnat_experimentData_share.visit
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/protocol	xnat_experimentData_share648		xnat_experimentData_share.protocol
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/experimentdata_share_info	xnat_experimentData_share649		xnat_experimentData_share.experimentdata_share_info
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/xnat_experimentData_share_id	xnat_experimentData_share650		xnat_experimentData_share.xnat_experimentdata_share_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/sharing_share_xnat_experimentda_id	xnat_experimentData_share651		xnat_experimentData_share.sharing_share_xnat_experimentda_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/xft_version	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data652		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/last_modified	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data653		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/status	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data654		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.status
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/activation_date	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data655		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data656		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/insert_date	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data657		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data658		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data659		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/origin	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data660		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.origin
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/modified	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data661		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/shareable	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data662		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.shareable
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/meta_data_id	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data663		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/title	xnat_investigatorData664		xnat_investigatorData.title
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/firstname	xnat_investigatorData665		xnat_investigatorData.firstname
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/lastname	xnat_investigatorData666		xnat_investigatorData.lastname
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/institution	xnat_investigatorData667		xnat_investigatorData.institution
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/department	xnat_investigatorData668		xnat_investigatorData.department
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/email	xnat_investigatorData669		xnat_investigatorData.email
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/phone	xnat_investigatorData670		xnat_investigatorData.phone
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/ID	xnat_investigatorData671		xnat_investigatorData.id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/investigatordata_info	xnat_investigatorData672		xnat_investigatorData.investigatordata_info
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/xnat_investigatorData_id	xnat_investigatorData673		xnat_investigatorData.xnat_investigatordata_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/xft_version	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data674		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/last_modified	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data675		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/status	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data676		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.status
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/activation_date	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data677		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data678		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/insert_date	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data679		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data680		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data681		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/origin	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data682		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.origin
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/modified	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data683		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/shareable	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data684		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/meta_data_id	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data685		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/validation/method	xnat_validationData686		xnat_validationData.method
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/validation/date	xnat_validationData687		xnat_validationData.date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/validation/notes	xnat_validationData688		xnat_validationData.notes
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/validation/validated_by	xnat_validationData689		xnat_validationData.validated_by
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/validation/status	xnat_validationData690		xnat_validationData.status
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/validation/validationdata_info	xnat_validationData691		xnat_validationData.validationdata_info
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/validation/xnat_validationData_id	xnat_validationData692		xnat_validationData.xnat_validationdata_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/xft_version	xnat_validationData_meta_data693		xnat_validationData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/last_modified	xnat_validationData_meta_data694		xnat_validationData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/status	xnat_validationData_meta_data695		xnat_validationData_meta_data.status
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/activation_date	xnat_validationData_meta_data696		xnat_validationData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_validationData_meta_data697		xnat_validationData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/insert_date	xnat_validationData_meta_data698		xnat_validationData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_validationData_meta_data699		xnat_validationData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_validationData_meta_data700		xnat_validationData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/origin	xnat_validationData_meta_data701		xnat_validationData_meta_data.origin
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/modified	xnat_validationData_meta_data702		xnat_validationData_meta_data.modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/shareable	xnat_validationData_meta_data703		xnat_validationData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/meta_data_id	xnat_validationData_meta_data704		xnat_validationData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/note	xnat_abstractResource705		xnat_abstractResource.note
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/label	xnat_abstractResource706		xnat_abstractResource.label
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/file_count	xnat_abstractResource707		xnat_abstractResource.file_count
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/file_size	xnat_abstractResource708		xnat_abstractResource.file_size
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/extension	xnat_abstractResource709		xnat_abstractResource.extension
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/abstractresource_info	xnat_abstractResource710		xnat_abstractResource.abstractresource_info
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/xnat_abstractResource_id	xnat_abstractResource711		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id	xnat_abstractResource712		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/tag	xnat_abstractResource_tag713		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tag
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/name	xnat_abstractResource_tag714		xnat_abstractResource_tag.name
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/abstractresource_tag_info	xnat_abstractResource_tag715		xnat_abstractResource_tag.abstractresource_tag_info
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/xnat_abstractResource_tag_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag716		xnat_abstractResource_tag.xnat_abstractresource_tag_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag717		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/xft_version	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data718		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/last_modified	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data719		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/status	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data720		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.status
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/activation_date	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data721		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data722		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/insert_date	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data723		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data724		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data725		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/origin	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data726		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.origin
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/modified	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data727		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/shareable	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data728		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.shareable
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/meta_data_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data729		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/extension_item/element_name	xdat_meta_element730		xdat_meta_element.element_name
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id	xdat_meta_element731		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/xft_version	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data732		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/last_modified	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data733		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/status	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data734		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.status
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/activation_date	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data735		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data736		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/insert_date	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data737		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data738		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data739		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/origin	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data740		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.origin
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/modified	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data741		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/shareable	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data742		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.shareable
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/meta_data_id	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data743		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/field	xnat_experimentData_field744		xnat_experimentData_field.field
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/name	xnat_experimentData_field745		xnat_experimentData_field.name
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/experimentdata_field_info	xnat_experimentData_field746		xnat_experimentData_field.experimentdata_field_info
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/xnat_experimentData_field_id	xnat_experimentData_field747		xnat_experimentData_field.xnat_experimentdata_field_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/fields_field_xnat_experimentdat_id	xnat_experimentData_field748		xnat_experimentData_field.fields_field_xnat_experimentdat_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/xft_version	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data749		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/last_modified	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data750		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/status	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data751		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.status
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/activation_date	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data752		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data753		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/insert_date	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data754		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data755		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data756		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/origin	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data757		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.origin
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/modified	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data758		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/shareable	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data759		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.shareable
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/meta_data_id	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data760		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/extension_item/element_name	xdat_meta_element761		xdat_meta_element.element_name
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id	xdat_meta_element762		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/meta/xft_version	xnat_experimentData_meta_data763		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/meta/last_modified	xnat_experimentData_meta_data764		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/meta/status	xnat_experimentData_meta_data765		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.status
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/meta/activation_date	xnat_experimentData_meta_data766		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_experimentData_meta_data767		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/meta/insert_date	xnat_experimentData_meta_data768		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_experimentData_meta_data769		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_experimentData_meta_data770		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/meta/origin	xnat_experimentData_meta_data771		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.origin
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/meta/modified	xnat_experimentData_meta_data772		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/meta/shareable	xnat_experimentData_meta_data773		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/meta/meta_data_id	xnat_experimentData_meta_data774		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/process_info	prov_process775		prov_process.process_info
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/prov_process_id	prov_process776		prov_process.prov_process_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/program	prov_processStep777		prov_processStep.program
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/program/version	prov_processStep778		prov_processStep.program_version
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/program/arguments	prov_processStep779		prov_processStep.program_arguments
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/timestamp	prov_processStep780		prov_processStep.timestamp
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/cvs	prov_processStep781		prov_processStep.cvs
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/user	prov_processStep782		prov_processStep.user_name
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/machine	prov_processStep783		prov_processStep.machine
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/platform	prov_processStep784		prov_processStep.platform
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/platform/version	prov_processStep785		prov_processStep.platform_version
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/compiler	prov_processStep786		prov_processStep.compiler
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/compiler/version	prov_processStep787		prov_processStep.compiler_version
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/processstep_info	prov_processStep788		prov_processStep.processstep_info
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/prov_processStep_id	prov_processStep789		prov_processStep.prov_processstep_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/prov_process_prov_process_id	prov_processStep790		prov_processStep.prov_process_prov_process_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/library	prov_processStep_library791		prov_processStep_library.library
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/version	prov_processStep_library792		prov_processStep_library.version
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/processstep_library_info	prov_processStep_library793		prov_processStep_library.processstep_library_info
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/prov_processStep_library_id	prov_processStep_library794		prov_processStep_library.prov_processstep_library_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/prov_processstep_prov_processstep_id	prov_processStep_library795		prov_processStep_library.prov_processstep_prov_processstep_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/xft_version	prov_processStep_library_meta_data796		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/last_modified	prov_processStep_library_meta_data797		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/status	prov_processStep_library_meta_data798		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.status
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/activation_date	prov_processStep_library_meta_data799		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/row_last_modified	prov_processStep_library_meta_data800		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/insert_date	prov_processStep_library_meta_data801		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	prov_processStep_library_meta_data802		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	prov_processStep_library_meta_data803		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/origin	prov_processStep_library_meta_data804		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.origin
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/modified	prov_processStep_library_meta_data805		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/shareable	prov_processStep_library_meta_data806		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.shareable
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/meta_data_id	prov_processStep_library_meta_data807		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/xft_version	prov_processStep_meta_data808		prov_processStep_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/last_modified	prov_processStep_meta_data809		prov_processStep_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/status	prov_processStep_meta_data810		prov_processStep_meta_data.status
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/activation_date	prov_processStep_meta_data811		prov_processStep_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/row_last_modified	prov_processStep_meta_data812		prov_processStep_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/insert_date	prov_processStep_meta_data813		prov_processStep_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	prov_processStep_meta_data814		prov_processStep_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	prov_processStep_meta_data815		prov_processStep_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/origin	prov_processStep_meta_data816		prov_processStep_meta_data.origin
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/modified	prov_processStep_meta_data817		prov_processStep_meta_data.modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/shareable	prov_processStep_meta_data818		prov_processStep_meta_data.shareable
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/meta_data_id	prov_processStep_meta_data819		prov_processStep_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/meta/xft_version	prov_process_meta_data820		prov_process_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/meta/last_modified	prov_process_meta_data821		prov_process_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/meta/status	prov_process_meta_data822		prov_process_meta_data.status
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/meta/activation_date	prov_process_meta_data823		prov_process_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/meta/row_last_modified	prov_process_meta_data824		prov_process_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/meta/insert_date	prov_process_meta_data825		prov_process_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	prov_process_meta_data826		prov_process_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	prov_process_meta_data827		prov_process_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/meta/origin	prov_process_meta_data828		prov_process_meta_data.origin
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/meta/modified	prov_process_meta_data829		prov_process_meta_data.modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/meta/shareable	prov_process_meta_data830		prov_process_meta_data.shareable
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/meta/meta_data_id	prov_process_meta_data831		prov_process_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/meta/xft_version   xnat_derivedData_meta_data832		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/meta/last_modified xnat_derivedData_meta_data833		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/meta/status        xnat_derivedData_meta_data834		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.status
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/meta/activation_date	xnat_derivedData_meta_data835		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_derivedData_meta_data836		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/meta/insert_date   xnat_derivedData_meta_data837		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_derivedData_meta_data838		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_derivedData_meta_data839		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/meta/origin        xnat_derivedData_meta_data840		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.origin
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/meta/modified      xnat_derivedData_meta_data841		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/meta/shareable     xnat_derivedData_meta_data842		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/meta/meta_data_id  xnat_derivedData_meta_data843		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/note                   xnat_abstractResource844		xnat_abstractResource.note
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/label                  xnat_abstractResource845		xnat_abstractResource.label
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/file_count             xnat_abstractResource846		xnat_abstractResource.file_count
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/file_size              xnat_abstractResource847		xnat_abstractResource.file_size
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/extension              xnat_abstractResource848		xnat_abstractResource.extension
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/abstractresource_info  xnat_abstractResource849		xnat_abstractResource.abstractresource_info
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/xnat_abstractResource_id	xnat_abstractResource850		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id	xnat_abstractResource851		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/tags/tag/tag           xnat_abstractResource_tag852		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tag
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/tags/tag/name          xnat_abstractResource_tag853		xnat_abstractResource_tag.name
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/tags/tag/abstractresource_tag_info	xnat_abstractResource_tag854		xnat_abstractResource_tag.abstractresource_tag_info
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/tags/tag/xnat_abstractResource_tag_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag855		xnat_abstractResource_tag.xnat_abstractresource_tag_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/tags/tag/tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag856		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/tags/tag/meta/xft_version	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data857		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/tags/tag/meta/last_modified	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data858		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/tags/tag/meta/status   xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data859		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.status
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/tags/tag/meta/activation_date	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data860		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/tags/tag/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data861		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/tags/tag/meta/insert_date	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data862		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/tags/tag/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data863		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/tags/tag/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data864		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/tags/tag/meta/origin   xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data865		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.origin
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/tags/tag/meta/modified xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data866		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/tags/tag/meta/shareable	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data867		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.shareable
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/tags/tag/meta/meta_data_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data868		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/extension_item/element_name	xdat_meta_element869		xdat_meta_element.element_name
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id	xdat_meta_element870		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/meta/xft_version       xnat_abstractResource_meta_data871		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/meta/last_modified     xnat_abstractResource_meta_data872		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/meta/status            xnat_abstractResource_meta_data873		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.status
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/meta/activation_date   xnat_abstractResource_meta_data874		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/meta/row_last_modified xnat_abstractResource_meta_data875		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/meta/insert_date       xnat_abstractResource_meta_data876		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data877		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data878		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/meta/origin            xnat_abstractResource_meta_data879		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.origin
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/meta/modified          xnat_abstractResource_meta_data880		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/meta/shareable         xnat_abstractResource_meta_data881		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.shareable
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/meta/meta_data_id      xnat_abstractResource_meta_data882		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/note                  xnat_abstractResource883		xnat_abstractResource.note
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/label                 xnat_abstractResource884		xnat_abstractResource.label
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/file_count            xnat_abstractResource885		xnat_abstractResource.file_count
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/file_size             xnat_abstractResource886		xnat_abstractResource.file_size
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/extension             xnat_abstractResource887		xnat_abstractResource.extension
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/abstractresource_info xnat_abstractResource888		xnat_abstractResource.abstractresource_info
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/xnat_abstractResource_id	xnat_abstractResource889		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id	xnat_abstractResource890		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/tags/tag/tag          xnat_abstractResource_tag891		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tag
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/tags/tag/name         xnat_abstractResource_tag892		xnat_abstractResource_tag.name
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/tags/tag/abstractresource_tag_info	xnat_abstractResource_tag893		xnat_abstractResource_tag.abstractresource_tag_info
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/tags/tag/xnat_abstractResource_tag_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag894		xnat_abstractResource_tag.xnat_abstractresource_tag_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/tags/tag/tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag895		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/tags/tag/meta/xft_version	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data896		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/tags/tag/meta/last_modified	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data897		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/tags/tag/meta/status  xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data898		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.status
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/tags/tag/meta/activation_date	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data899		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/tags/tag/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data900		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/tags/tag/meta/insert_date	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data901		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/tags/tag/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data902		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/tags/tag/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data903		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/tags/tag/meta/origin  xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data904		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.origin
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/tags/tag/meta/modified	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data905		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/tags/tag/meta/shareable	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data906		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.shareable
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/tags/tag/meta/meta_data_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data907		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/extension_item/element_name	xdat_meta_element908		xdat_meta_element.element_name
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id	xdat_meta_element909		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/meta/xft_version      xnat_abstractResource_meta_data910		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/meta/last_modified    xnat_abstractResource_meta_data911		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/meta/status           xnat_abstractResource_meta_data912		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.status
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/meta/activation_date  xnat_abstractResource_meta_data913		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data914		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/meta/insert_date      xnat_abstractResource_meta_data915		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data916		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data917		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/meta/origin           xnat_abstractResource_meta_data918		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.origin
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/meta/modified         xnat_abstractResource_meta_data919		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/meta/shareable        xnat_abstractResource_meta_data920		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.shareable
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/meta/meta_data_id     xnat_abstractResource_meta_data921		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/parameters/addParam/addField   xnat_addField922		xnat_addField.addfield
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/parameters/addParam/name       xnat_addField923		xnat_addField.name
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/parameters/addParam/addfield_info	xnat_addField924		xnat_addField.addfield_info
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/parameters/addParam/xnat_addField_id	xnat_addField925		xnat_addField.xnat_addfield_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/parameters/addParam/parameters_addparam_xnat_mrscan_xnat_imagescandata_id	xnat_addField926		xnat_addField.parameters_addparam_xnat_mrscan_xnat_imagescandata_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/parameters/addParam/parameters_addparam_xnat_recons_xnat_reconstructedimagedata_id	xnat_addField927		xnat_addField.parameters_addparam_xnat_recons_xnat_reconstructedimagedata_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/parameters/addParam/parameters_addparam_xnat_petsca_xnat_imagescandata_id	xnat_addField928		xnat_addField.parameters_addparam_xnat_petsca_xnat_imagescandata_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/parameters/addParam/parameters_addparam_xnat_imagea_id	xnat_addField929		xnat_addField.parameters_addparam_xnat_imagea_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/parameters/addParam/meta/xft_version	xnat_addField_meta_data930		xnat_addField_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/parameters/addParam/meta/last_modified	xnat_addField_meta_data931		xnat_addField_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/parameters/addParam/meta/status	xnat_addField_meta_data932		xnat_addField_meta_data.status
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/parameters/addParam/meta/activation_date	xnat_addField_meta_data933		xnat_addField_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/parameters/addParam/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_addField_meta_data934		xnat_addField_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/parameters/addParam/meta/insert_date	xnat_addField_meta_data935		xnat_addField_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/parameters/addParam/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_addField_meta_data936		xnat_addField_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/parameters/addParam/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_addField_meta_data937		xnat_addField_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/parameters/addParam/meta/origin	xnat_addField_meta_data938		xnat_addField_meta_data.origin
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/parameters/addParam/meta/modified	xnat_addField_meta_data939		xnat_addField_meta_data.modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/parameters/addParam/meta/shareable	xnat_addField_meta_data940		xnat_addField_meta_data.shareable
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/parameters/addParam/meta/meta_data_id	xnat_addField_meta_data941		xnat_addField_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/meta/xft_version               xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data942		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/meta/last_modified             xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data943		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/meta/status                    xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data944		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.status
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/meta/activation_date           xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data945		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/meta/row_last_modified         xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data946		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/meta/insert_date               xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data947		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data948		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id  xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data949		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/meta/origin                    xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data950		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.origin
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/meta/modified                  xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data951		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/meta/shareable                 xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data952		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/meta/meta_data_id              xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data953		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/meta/xft_version                                  xnat_imageSessionData_meta_data954		xnat_imageSessionData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/meta/last_modified                                xnat_imageSessionData_meta_data955		xnat_imageSessionData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/meta/status                                       xnat_imageSessionData_meta_data956		xnat_imageSessionData_meta_data.status
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/meta/activation_date                              xnat_imageSessionData_meta_data957		xnat_imageSessionData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/meta/row_last_modified                            xnat_imageSessionData_meta_data958		xnat_imageSessionData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/meta/insert_date                                  xnat_imageSessionData_meta_data959		xnat_imageSessionData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                 xnat_imageSessionData_meta_data960		xnat_imageSessionData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                     xnat_imageSessionData_meta_data961		xnat_imageSessionData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/meta/origin                                       xnat_imageSessionData_meta_data962		xnat_imageSessionData_meta_data.origin
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/meta/modified                                     xnat_imageSessionData_meta_data963		xnat_imageSessionData_meta_data.modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/meta/shareable                                    xnat_imageSessionData_meta_data964		xnat_imageSessionData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/imageSessionData/meta/meta_data_id                                 xnat_imageSessionData_meta_data965		xnat_imageSessionData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/meta/xft_version                                                   xnat_dx3DCraniofacialSessionData_meta_data966		xnat_dx3DCraniofacialSessionData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/meta/last_modified                                                 xnat_dx3DCraniofacialSessionData_meta_data967		xnat_dx3DCraniofacialSessionData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/meta/status                                                        xnat_dx3DCraniofacialSessionData_meta_data968		xnat_dx3DCraniofacialSessionData_meta_data.status
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/meta/activation_date                                               xnat_dx3DCraniofacialSessionData_meta_data969		xnat_dx3DCraniofacialSessionData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/meta/row_last_modified                                             xnat_dx3DCraniofacialSessionData_meta_data970		xnat_dx3DCraniofacialSessionData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/meta/insert_date                                                   xnat_dx3DCraniofacialSessionData_meta_data971		xnat_dx3DCraniofacialSessionData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                                  xnat_dx3DCraniofacialSessionData_meta_data972		xnat_dx3DCraniofacialSessionData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                                      xnat_dx3DCraniofacialSessionData_meta_data973		xnat_dx3DCraniofacialSessionData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/meta/origin                                                        xnat_dx3DCraniofacialSessionData_meta_data974		xnat_dx3DCraniofacialSessionData_meta_data.origin
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/meta/modified                                                      xnat_dx3DCraniofacialSessionData_meta_data975		xnat_dx3DCraniofacialSessionData_meta_data.modified
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/meta/shareable                                                     xnat_dx3DCraniofacialSessionData_meta_data976		xnat_dx3DCraniofacialSessionData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:dx3DCraniofacialSessionData/meta/meta_data_id                                                  xnat_dx3DCraniofacialSessionData_meta_data977		xnat_dx3DCraniofacialSessionData_meta_data.meta_data_id
