

*********************************************

ac_s_xnat_subjectData_r
(ACTIVE - MULTIPLE - ROOT)

xnat:subjectData/investigator_xnat_investigatordata_id                                              xnat_subjectData0		xnat_subjectData.investigator_xnat_investigatordata_id
xnat:subjectData/demographics_xnat_abstractdemographicdata_id                                       xnat_subjectData1		xnat_subjectData.demographics_xnat_abstractdemographicdata_id
xnat:subjectData/metadata_xnat_abstractsubjectmetadata_id                                           xnat_subjectData2		xnat_subjectData.metadata_xnat_abstractsubjectmetadata_id
xnat:subjectData/ID                                                                                 xnat_subjectData3		xnat_subjectData.id
xnat:subjectData/project                                                                            xnat_subjectData4		xnat_subjectData.project
xnat:subjectData/group                                                                              xnat_subjectData5		xnat_subjectData._group
xnat:subjectData/label                                                                              xnat_subjectData6		xnat_subjectData.label
xnat:subjectData/src                                                                                xnat_subjectData7		xnat_subjectData.src
xnat:subjectData/initials                                                                           xnat_subjectData8		xnat_subjectData.initials
xnat:subjectData/subjectdata_info                                                                   xnat_subjectData9		xnat_subjectData.subjectdata_info
xnat:subjectData/sharing/share/label                                                                xnat_projectParticipant10		xnat_projectParticipant.label
xnat:subjectData/sharing/share/project                                                              xnat_projectParticipant11		xnat_projectParticipant.project
xnat:subjectData/sharing/share/subject_ID                                                           xnat_projectParticipant12		xnat_projectParticipant.subject_id
xnat:subjectData/sharing/share/group                                                                xnat_projectParticipant13		xnat_projectParticipant._group
xnat:subjectData/sharing/share/projectparticipant_info                                              xnat_projectParticipant14		xnat_projectParticipant.projectparticipant_info
xnat:subjectData/sharing/share/xnat_projectParticipant_id                                           xnat_projectParticipant15		xnat_projectParticipant.xnat_projectparticipant_id
xnat:subjectData/sharing/share/meta/xft_version                                                     xnat_projectParticipant_meta_data16		xnat_projectParticipant_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:subjectData/sharing/share/meta/last_modified                                                   xnat_projectParticipant_meta_data17		xnat_projectParticipant_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:subjectData/sharing/share/meta/status                                                          xnat_projectParticipant_meta_data18		xnat_projectParticipant_meta_data.status
xnat:subjectData/sharing/share/meta/activation_date                                                 xnat_projectParticipant_meta_data19		xnat_projectParticipant_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:subjectData/sharing/share/meta/row_last_modified                                               xnat_projectParticipant_meta_data20		xnat_projectParticipant_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:subjectData/sharing/share/meta/insert_date                                                     xnat_projectParticipant_meta_data21		xnat_projectParticipant_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:subjectData/sharing/share/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                                    xnat_projectParticipant_meta_data22		xnat_projectParticipant_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:subjectData/sharing/share/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                                        xnat_projectParticipant_meta_data23		xnat_projectParticipant_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:subjectData/sharing/share/meta/origin                                                          xnat_projectParticipant_meta_data24		xnat_projectParticipant_meta_data.origin
xnat:subjectData/sharing/share/meta/modified                                                        xnat_projectParticipant_meta_data25		xnat_projectParticipant_meta_data.modified
xnat:subjectData/sharing/share/meta/shareable                                                       xnat_projectParticipant_meta_data26		xnat_projectParticipant_meta_data.shareable
xnat:subjectData/sharing/share/meta/meta_data_id                                                    xnat_projectParticipant_meta_data27		xnat_projectParticipant_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:subjectData/resources/resource/note                                                            xnat_abstractResource28		xnat_abstractResource.note
xnat:subjectData/resources/resource/label                                                           xnat_abstractResource29		xnat_abstractResource.label
xnat:subjectData/resources/resource/file_count                                                      xnat_abstractResource30		xnat_abstractResource.file_count
xnat:subjectData/resources/resource/file_size                                                       xnat_abstractResource31		xnat_abstractResource.file_size
xnat:subjectData/resources/resource/extension                                                       xnat_abstractResource32		xnat_abstractResource.extension
xnat:subjectData/resources/resource/abstractresource_info                                           xnat_abstractResource33		xnat_abstractResource.abstractresource_info
xnat:subjectData/resources/resource/xnat_abstractResource_id                                        xnat_abstractResource34		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:subjectData/resources/resource/xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id                        xnat_abstractResource35		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id
xnat:subjectData/resources/resource/tags/tag/tag                                                    xnat_abstractResource_tag36		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tag
xnat:subjectData/resources/resource/tags/tag/name                                                   xnat_abstractResource_tag37		xnat_abstractResource_tag.name
xnat:subjectData/resources/resource/tags/tag/abstractresource_tag_info                              xnat_abstractResource_tag38		xnat_abstractResource_tag.abstractresource_tag_info
xnat:subjectData/resources/resource/tags/tag/xnat_abstractResource_tag_id                           xnat_abstractResource_tag39		xnat_abstractResource_tag.xnat_abstractresource_tag_id
xnat:subjectData/resources/resource/tags/tag/tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag40		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:subjectData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/xft_version                                       xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data41		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:subjectData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/last_modified                                     xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data42		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:subjectData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/status                                            xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data43		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.status
xnat:subjectData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/activation_date                                   xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data44		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:subjectData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/row_last_modified                                 xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data45		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:subjectData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/insert_date                                       xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data46		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:subjectData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                      xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data47		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:subjectData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                          xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data48		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:subjectData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/origin                                            xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data49		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.origin
xnat:subjectData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/modified                                          xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data50		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.modified
xnat:subjectData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/shareable                                         xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data51		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.shareable
xnat:subjectData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/meta_data_id                                      xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data52		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:subjectData/resources/resource/extension_item/element_name                                     xdat_meta_element53		xdat_meta_element.element_name
xnat:subjectData/resources/resource/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id                             xdat_meta_element54		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
xnat:subjectData/resources/resource/meta/xft_version                                                xnat_abstractResource_meta_data55		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:subjectData/resources/resource/meta/last_modified                                              xnat_abstractResource_meta_data56		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:subjectData/resources/resource/meta/status                                                     xnat_abstractResource_meta_data57		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.status
xnat:subjectData/resources/resource/meta/activation_date                                            xnat_abstractResource_meta_data58		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:subjectData/resources/resource/meta/row_last_modified                                          xnat_abstractResource_meta_data59		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:subjectData/resources/resource/meta/insert_date                                                xnat_abstractResource_meta_data60		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:subjectData/resources/resource/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                               xnat_abstractResource_meta_data61		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:subjectData/resources/resource/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                                   xnat_abstractResource_meta_data62		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:subjectData/resources/resource/meta/origin                                                     xnat_abstractResource_meta_data63		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.origin
xnat:subjectData/resources/resource/meta/modified                                                   xnat_abstractResource_meta_data64		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.modified
xnat:subjectData/resources/resource/meta/shareable                                                  xnat_abstractResource_meta_data65		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.shareable
xnat:subjectData/resources/resource/meta/meta_data_id                                               xnat_abstractResource_meta_data66		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:subjectData/investigator/title                                                                 xnat_investigatorData67		xnat_investigatorData.title
xnat:subjectData/investigator/firstname                                                             xnat_investigatorData68		xnat_investigatorData.firstname
xnat:subjectData/investigator/lastname                                                              xnat_investigatorData69		xnat_investigatorData.lastname
xnat:subjectData/investigator/institution                                                           xnat_investigatorData70		xnat_investigatorData.institution
xnat:subjectData/investigator/department                                                            xnat_investigatorData71		xnat_investigatorData.department
xnat:subjectData/investigator/email                                                                 xnat_investigatorData72		xnat_investigatorData.email
xnat:subjectData/investigator/phone                                                                 xnat_investigatorData73		xnat_investigatorData.phone
xnat:subjectData/investigator/ID                                                                    xnat_investigatorData74		xnat_investigatorData.id
xnat:subjectData/investigator/investigatordata_info                                                 xnat_investigatorData75		xnat_investigatorData.investigatordata_info
xnat:subjectData/investigator/xnat_investigatorData_id                                              xnat_investigatorData76		xnat_investigatorData.xnat_investigatordata_id
xnat:subjectData/investigator/meta/xft_version                                                      xnat_investigatorData_meta_data77		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:subjectData/investigator/meta/last_modified                                                    xnat_investigatorData_meta_data78		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:subjectData/investigator/meta/status                                                           xnat_investigatorData_meta_data79		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.status
xnat:subjectData/investigator/meta/activation_date                                                  xnat_investigatorData_meta_data80		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:subjectData/investigator/meta/row_last_modified                                                xnat_investigatorData_meta_data81		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:subjectData/investigator/meta/insert_date                                                      xnat_investigatorData_meta_data82		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:subjectData/investigator/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                                     xnat_investigatorData_meta_data83		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:subjectData/investigator/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                                         xnat_investigatorData_meta_data84		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:subjectData/investigator/meta/origin                                                           xnat_investigatorData_meta_data85		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.origin
xnat:subjectData/investigator/meta/modified                                                         xnat_investigatorData_meta_data86		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.modified
xnat:subjectData/investigator/meta/shareable                                                        xnat_investigatorData_meta_data87		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:subjectData/investigator/meta/meta_data_id                                                     xnat_investigatorData_meta_data88		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:subjectData/demographics/extension                                                             xnat_abstractDemographicData89		xnat_abstractDemographicData.extension
xnat:subjectData/demographics/abstractdemographicdata_info                                          xnat_abstractDemographicData90		xnat_abstractDemographicData.abstractdemographicdata_info
xnat:subjectData/demographics/xnat_abstractDemographicData_id                                       xnat_abstractDemographicData91		xnat_abstractDemographicData.xnat_abstractdemographicdata_id
xnat:subjectData/demographics/extension_item/element_name                                           xdat_meta_element92		xdat_meta_element.element_name
xnat:subjectData/demographics/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id                                   xdat_meta_element93		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
xnat:subjectData/demographics/meta/xft_version                                                      xnat_abstractDemographicData_meta_data94		xnat_abstractDemographicData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:subjectData/demographics/meta/last_modified                                                    xnat_abstractDemographicData_meta_data95		xnat_abstractDemographicData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:subjectData/demographics/meta/status                                                           xnat_abstractDemographicData_meta_data96		xnat_abstractDemographicData_meta_data.status
xnat:subjectData/demographics/meta/activation_date                                                  xnat_abstractDemographicData_meta_data97		xnat_abstractDemographicData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:subjectData/demographics/meta/row_last_modified                                                xnat_abstractDemographicData_meta_data98		xnat_abstractDemographicData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:subjectData/demographics/meta/insert_date                                                      xnat_abstractDemographicData_meta_data99		xnat_abstractDemographicData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:subjectData/demographics/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                                     xnat_abstractDemographicData_meta_data100		xnat_abstractDemographicData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:subjectData/demographics/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                                         xnat_abstractDemographicData_meta_data101		xnat_abstractDemographicData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:subjectData/demographics/meta/origin                                                           xnat_abstractDemographicData_meta_data102		xnat_abstractDemographicData_meta_data.origin
xnat:subjectData/demographics/meta/modified                                                         xnat_abstractDemographicData_meta_data103		xnat_abstractDemographicData_meta_data.modified
xnat:subjectData/demographics/meta/shareable                                                        xnat_abstractDemographicData_meta_data104		xnat_abstractDemographicData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:subjectData/demographics/meta/meta_data_id                                                     xnat_abstractDemographicData_meta_data105		xnat_abstractDemographicData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:subjectData/metadata/extension                                                                 xnat_abstractSubjectMetadata106		xnat_abstractSubjectMetadata.extension
xnat:subjectData/metadata/abstractsubjectmetadata_info                                              xnat_abstractSubjectMetadata107		xnat_abstractSubjectMetadata.abstractsubjectmetadata_info
xnat:subjectData/metadata/xnat_abstractSubjectMetadata_id                                           xnat_abstractSubjectMetadata108		xnat_abstractSubjectMetadata.xnat_abstractsubjectmetadata_id
xnat:subjectData/metadata/extension_item/element_name                                               xdat_meta_element109		xdat_meta_element.element_name
xnat:subjectData/metadata/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id                                       xdat_meta_element110		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
xnat:subjectData/metadata/meta/xft_version                                                          xnat_abstractSubjectMetadata_meta_data111		xnat_abstractSubjectMetadata_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:subjectData/metadata/meta/last_modified                                                        xnat_abstractSubjectMetadata_meta_data112		xnat_abstractSubjectMetadata_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:subjectData/metadata/meta/status                                                               xnat_abstractSubjectMetadata_meta_data113		xnat_abstractSubjectMetadata_meta_data.status
xnat:subjectData/metadata/meta/activation_date                                                      xnat_abstractSubjectMetadata_meta_data114		xnat_abstractSubjectMetadata_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:subjectData/metadata/meta/row_last_modified                                                    xnat_abstractSubjectMetadata_meta_data115		xnat_abstractSubjectMetadata_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:subjectData/metadata/meta/insert_date                                                          xnat_abstractSubjectMetadata_meta_data116		xnat_abstractSubjectMetadata_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:subjectData/metadata/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                                         xnat_abstractSubjectMetadata_meta_data117		xnat_abstractSubjectMetadata_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:subjectData/metadata/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                                             xnat_abstractSubjectMetadata_meta_data118		xnat_abstractSubjectMetadata_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:subjectData/metadata/meta/origin                                                               xnat_abstractSubjectMetadata_meta_data119		xnat_abstractSubjectMetadata_meta_data.origin
xnat:subjectData/metadata/meta/modified                                                             xnat_abstractSubjectMetadata_meta_data120		xnat_abstractSubjectMetadata_meta_data.modified
xnat:subjectData/metadata/meta/shareable                                                            xnat_abstractSubjectMetadata_meta_data121		xnat_abstractSubjectMetadata_meta_data.shareable
xnat:subjectData/metadata/meta/meta_data_id                                                         xnat_abstractSubjectMetadata_meta_data122		xnat_abstractSubjectMetadata_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:subjectData/addID/addID                                                                        xnat_subjectData_addID123		xnat_subjectData_addID.addid
xnat:subjectData/addID/name                                                                         xnat_subjectData_addID124		xnat_subjectData_addID.name
xnat:subjectData/addID/subjectdata_addid_info                                                       xnat_subjectData_addID125		xnat_subjectData_addID.subjectdata_addid_info
xnat:subjectData/addID/xnat_subjectData_addID_id                                                    xnat_subjectData_addID126		xnat_subjectData_addID.xnat_subjectdata_addid_id
xnat:subjectData/addID/xnat_subjectdata_id                                                          xnat_subjectData_addID127		xnat_subjectData_addID.xnat_subjectdata_id
xnat:subjectData/addID/meta/xft_version                                                             xnat_subjectData_addID_meta_data128		xnat_subjectData_addID_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:subjectData/addID/meta/last_modified                                                           xnat_subjectData_addID_meta_data129		xnat_subjectData_addID_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:subjectData/addID/meta/status                                                                  xnat_subjectData_addID_meta_data130		xnat_subjectData_addID_meta_data.status
xnat:subjectData/addID/meta/activation_date                                                         xnat_subjectData_addID_meta_data131		xnat_subjectData_addID_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:subjectData/addID/meta/row_last_modified                                                       xnat_subjectData_addID_meta_data132		xnat_subjectData_addID_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:subjectData/addID/meta/insert_date                                                             xnat_subjectData_addID_meta_data133		xnat_subjectData_addID_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:subjectData/addID/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                                            xnat_subjectData_addID_meta_data134		xnat_subjectData_addID_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:subjectData/addID/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                                                xnat_subjectData_addID_meta_data135		xnat_subjectData_addID_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:subjectData/addID/meta/origin                                                                  xnat_subjectData_addID_meta_data136		xnat_subjectData_addID_meta_data.origin
xnat:subjectData/addID/meta/modified                                                                xnat_subjectData_addID_meta_data137		xnat_subjectData_addID_meta_data.modified
xnat:subjectData/addID/meta/shareable                                                               xnat_subjectData_addID_meta_data138		xnat_subjectData_addID_meta_data.shareable
xnat:subjectData/addID/meta/meta_data_id                                                            xnat_subjectData_addID_meta_data139		xnat_subjectData_addID_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:subjectData/fields/field/field                                                                 xnat_subjectData_field140		xnat_subjectData_field.field
xnat:subjectData/fields/field/name                                                                  xnat_subjectData_field141		xnat_subjectData_field.name
xnat:subjectData/fields/field/subjectdata_field_info                                                xnat_subjectData_field142		xnat_subjectData_field.subjectdata_field_info
xnat:subjectData/fields/field/xnat_subjectData_field_id                                             xnat_subjectData_field143		xnat_subjectData_field.xnat_subjectdata_field_id
xnat:subjectData/fields/field/fields_field_xnat_subjectdata_id                                      xnat_subjectData_field144		xnat_subjectData_field.fields_field_xnat_subjectdata_id
xnat:subjectData/fields/field/meta/xft_version                                                      xnat_subjectData_field_meta_data145		xnat_subjectData_field_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:subjectData/fields/field/meta/last_modified                                                    xnat_subjectData_field_meta_data146		xnat_subjectData_field_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:subjectData/fields/field/meta/status                                                           xnat_subjectData_field_meta_data147		xnat_subjectData_field_meta_data.status
xnat:subjectData/fields/field/meta/activation_date                                                  xnat_subjectData_field_meta_data148		xnat_subjectData_field_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:subjectData/fields/field/meta/row_last_modified                                                xnat_subjectData_field_meta_data149		xnat_subjectData_field_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:subjectData/fields/field/meta/insert_date                                                      xnat_subjectData_field_meta_data150		xnat_subjectData_field_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:subjectData/fields/field/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                                     xnat_subjectData_field_meta_data151		xnat_subjectData_field_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:subjectData/fields/field/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                                         xnat_subjectData_field_meta_data152		xnat_subjectData_field_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:subjectData/fields/field/meta/origin                                                           xnat_subjectData_field_meta_data153		xnat_subjectData_field_meta_data.origin
xnat:subjectData/fields/field/meta/modified                                                         xnat_subjectData_field_meta_data154		xnat_subjectData_field_meta_data.modified
xnat:subjectData/fields/field/meta/shareable                                                        xnat_subjectData_field_meta_data155		xnat_subjectData_field_meta_data.shareable
xnat:subjectData/fields/field/meta/meta_data_id                                                     xnat_subjectData_field_meta_data156		xnat_subjectData_field_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/id                                                          xnat_subjectAssessorData157		xnat_experimentData.id
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/subject_ID                                                  xnat_subjectAssessorData158		xnat_subjectAssessorData.subject_id
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/age                                                         xnat_subjectAssessorData159		xnat_subjectAssessorData.age
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/subjectassessordata_info                                    xnat_subjectAssessorData160		xnat_subjectAssessorData.subjectassessordata_info
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/date                                         xnat_experimentData161		xnat_experimentData.date
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/time                                         xnat_experimentData162		xnat_experimentData.time
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/duration                                     xnat_experimentData163		xnat_experimentData.duration
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/delay                                        xnat_experimentData164		xnat_experimentData.delay
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/delay/ref_expt_id                            xnat_experimentData165		xnat_experimentData.delay_ref_expt_id
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/note                                         xnat_experimentData166		xnat_experimentData.note
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/investigator_xnat_investigatordata_id        xnat_experimentData167		xnat_experimentData.investigator_xnat_investigatordata_id
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/validation_xnat_validationdata_id            xnat_experimentData168		xnat_experimentData.validation_xnat_validationdata_id
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/acquisition_site                             xnat_experimentData169		xnat_experimentData.acquisition_site
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/ID                                           xnat_experimentData170		xnat_experimentData.id
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/project                                      xnat_experimentData171		xnat_experimentData.project
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/visit_id                                     xnat_experimentData172		xnat_experimentData.visit_id
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/visit                                        xnat_experimentData173		xnat_experimentData.visit
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/version                                      xnat_experimentData174		xnat_experimentData.version
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/original                                     xnat_experimentData175		xnat_experimentData.original
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/protocol                                     xnat_experimentData176		xnat_experimentData.protocol
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/label                                        xnat_experimentData177		xnat_experimentData.label
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/extension                                    xnat_experimentData178		xnat_experimentData.extension
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/experimentdata_info                          xnat_experimentData179		xnat_experimentData.experimentdata_info
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/sharing/share/share                          xnat_experimentData_share180		xnat_experimentData_share.share
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/sharing/share/label                          xnat_experimentData_share181		xnat_experimentData_share.label
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/sharing/share/project                        xnat_experimentData_share182		xnat_experimentData_share.project
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/sharing/share/visit                          xnat_experimentData_share183		xnat_experimentData_share.visit
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/sharing/share/protocol                       xnat_experimentData_share184		xnat_experimentData_share.protocol
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/sharing/share/experimentdata_share_info      xnat_experimentData_share185		xnat_experimentData_share.experimentdata_share_info
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/sharing/share/xnat_experimentData_share_id   xnat_experimentData_share186		xnat_experimentData_share.xnat_experimentdata_share_id
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/sharing/share/sharing_share_xnat_experimentda_id	xnat_experimentData_share187		xnat_experimentData_share.sharing_share_xnat_experimentda_id
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/xft_version               xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data188		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/last_modified             xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data189		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/status                    xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data190		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.status
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/activation_date           xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data191		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/row_last_modified         xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data192		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/insert_date               xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data193		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data194		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id  xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data195		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/origin                    xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data196		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.origin
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/modified                  xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data197		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.modified
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/shareable                 xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data198		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.shareable
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/meta_data_id              xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data199		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/investigator/title                           xnat_investigatorData200		xnat_investigatorData.title
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/investigator/firstname                       xnat_investigatorData201		xnat_investigatorData.firstname
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/investigator/lastname                        xnat_investigatorData202		xnat_investigatorData.lastname
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/investigator/institution                     xnat_investigatorData203		xnat_investigatorData.institution
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/investigator/department                      xnat_investigatorData204		xnat_investigatorData.department
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/investigator/email                           xnat_investigatorData205		xnat_investigatorData.email
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/investigator/phone                           xnat_investigatorData206		xnat_investigatorData.phone
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/investigator/ID                              xnat_investigatorData207		xnat_investigatorData.id
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/investigator/investigatordata_info           xnat_investigatorData208		xnat_investigatorData.investigatordata_info
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/investigator/xnat_investigatorData_id        xnat_investigatorData209		xnat_investigatorData.xnat_investigatordata_id
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/investigator/meta/xft_version                xnat_investigatorData_meta_data210		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/investigator/meta/last_modified              xnat_investigatorData_meta_data211		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/investigator/meta/status                     xnat_investigatorData_meta_data212		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.status
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/investigator/meta/activation_date            xnat_investigatorData_meta_data213		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/investigator/meta/row_last_modified          xnat_investigatorData_meta_data214		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/investigator/meta/insert_date                xnat_investigatorData_meta_data215		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/investigator/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data216		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/investigator/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id   xnat_investigatorData_meta_data217		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/investigator/meta/origin                     xnat_investigatorData_meta_data218		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.origin
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/investigator/meta/modified                   xnat_investigatorData_meta_data219		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.modified
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/investigator/meta/shareable                  xnat_investigatorData_meta_data220		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/investigator/meta/meta_data_id               xnat_investigatorData_meta_data221		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/validation/method                            xnat_validationData222		xnat_validationData.method
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/validation/date                              xnat_validationData223		xnat_validationData.date
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/validation/notes                             xnat_validationData224		xnat_validationData.notes
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/validation/validated_by                      xnat_validationData225		xnat_validationData.validated_by
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/validation/status                            xnat_validationData226		xnat_validationData.status
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/validation/validationdata_info               xnat_validationData227		xnat_validationData.validationdata_info
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/validation/xnat_validationData_id            xnat_validationData228		xnat_validationData.xnat_validationdata_id
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/validation/meta/xft_version                  xnat_validationData_meta_data229		xnat_validationData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/validation/meta/last_modified                xnat_validationData_meta_data230		xnat_validationData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/validation/meta/status                       xnat_validationData_meta_data231		xnat_validationData_meta_data.status
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/validation/meta/activation_date              xnat_validationData_meta_data232		xnat_validationData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/validation/meta/row_last_modified            xnat_validationData_meta_data233		xnat_validationData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/validation/meta/insert_date                  xnat_validationData_meta_data234		xnat_validationData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/validation/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id xnat_validationData_meta_data235		xnat_validationData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/validation/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id     xnat_validationData_meta_data236		xnat_validationData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/validation/meta/origin                       xnat_validationData_meta_data237		xnat_validationData_meta_data.origin
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/validation/meta/modified                     xnat_validationData_meta_data238		xnat_validationData_meta_data.modified
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/validation/meta/shareable                    xnat_validationData_meta_data239		xnat_validationData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/validation/meta/meta_data_id                 xnat_validationData_meta_data240		xnat_validationData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/resources/resource/note                      xnat_abstractResource241		xnat_abstractResource.note
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/resources/resource/label                     xnat_abstractResource242		xnat_abstractResource.label
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/resources/resource/file_count                xnat_abstractResource243		xnat_abstractResource.file_count
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/resources/resource/file_size                 xnat_abstractResource244		xnat_abstractResource.file_size
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/resources/resource/extension                 xnat_abstractResource245		xnat_abstractResource.extension
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/resources/resource/abstractresource_info     xnat_abstractResource246		xnat_abstractResource.abstractresource_info
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/resources/resource/xnat_abstractResource_id  xnat_abstractResource247		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/resources/resource/xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id	xnat_abstractResource248		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/tag              xnat_abstractResource_tag249		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tag
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/name             xnat_abstractResource_tag250		xnat_abstractResource_tag.name
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/abstractresource_tag_info	xnat_abstractResource_tag251		xnat_abstractResource_tag.abstractresource_tag_info
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/xnat_abstractResource_tag_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag252		xnat_abstractResource_tag.xnat_abstractresource_tag_id
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag253		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/xft_version xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data254		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/last_modified	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data255		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/status      xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data256		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.status
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/activation_date	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data257		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data258		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/insert_date xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data259		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data260		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data261		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/origin      xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data262		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.origin
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/modified    xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data263		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.modified
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/shareable   xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data264		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.shareable
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/meta_data_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data265		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/resources/resource/extension_item/element_name	xdat_meta_element266		xdat_meta_element.element_name
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/resources/resource/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id	xdat_meta_element267		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/xft_version          xnat_abstractResource_meta_data268		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/last_modified        xnat_abstractResource_meta_data269		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/status               xnat_abstractResource_meta_data270		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.status
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/activation_date      xnat_abstractResource_meta_data271		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/row_last_modified    xnat_abstractResource_meta_data272		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/insert_date          xnat_abstractResource_meta_data273		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data274		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data275		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/origin               xnat_abstractResource_meta_data276		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.origin
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/modified             xnat_abstractResource_meta_data277		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.modified
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/shareable            xnat_abstractResource_meta_data278		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.shareable
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/meta_data_id         xnat_abstractResource_meta_data279		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/fields/field/field                           xnat_experimentData_field280		xnat_experimentData_field.field
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/fields/field/name                            xnat_experimentData_field281		xnat_experimentData_field.name
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/fields/field/experimentdata_field_info       xnat_experimentData_field282		xnat_experimentData_field.experimentdata_field_info
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/fields/field/xnat_experimentData_field_id    xnat_experimentData_field283		xnat_experimentData_field.xnat_experimentdata_field_id
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/fields/field/fields_field_xnat_experimentdat_id	xnat_experimentData_field284		xnat_experimentData_field.fields_field_xnat_experimentdat_id
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/fields/field/meta/xft_version                xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data285		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/fields/field/meta/last_modified              xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data286		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/fields/field/meta/status                     xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data287		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.status
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/fields/field/meta/activation_date            xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data288		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/fields/field/meta/row_last_modified          xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data289		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/fields/field/meta/insert_date                xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data290		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/fields/field/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data291		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/fields/field/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id   xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data292		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/fields/field/meta/origin                     xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data293		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.origin
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/fields/field/meta/modified                   xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data294		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.modified
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/fields/field/meta/shareable                  xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data295		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.shareable
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/fields/field/meta/meta_data_id               xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data296		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/extension_item/element_name                  xdat_meta_element297		xdat_meta_element.element_name
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id          xdat_meta_element298		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/meta/xft_version                             xnat_experimentData_meta_data299		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/meta/last_modified                           xnat_experimentData_meta_data300		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/meta/status                                  xnat_experimentData_meta_data301		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.status
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/meta/activation_date                         xnat_experimentData_meta_data302		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/meta/row_last_modified                       xnat_experimentData_meta_data303		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/meta/insert_date                             xnat_experimentData_meta_data304		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id            xnat_experimentData_meta_data305		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                xnat_experimentData_meta_data306		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/meta/origin                                  xnat_experimentData_meta_data307		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.origin
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/meta/modified                                xnat_experimentData_meta_data308		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.modified
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/meta/shareable                               xnat_experimentData_meta_data309		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/experimentData/meta/meta_data_id                            xnat_experimentData_meta_data310		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/meta/xft_version                                            xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data311		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/meta/last_modified                                          xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data312		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/meta/status                                                 xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data313		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.status
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/meta/activation_date                                        xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data314		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/meta/row_last_modified                                      xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data315		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/meta/insert_date                                            xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data316		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                           xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data317		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                               xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data318		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/meta/origin                                                 xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data319		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.origin
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/meta/modified                                               xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data320		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.modified
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/meta/shareable                                              xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data321		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:subjectData/experiments/experiment/meta/meta_data_id                                           xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data322		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:subjectData/meta/xft_version                                                                   xnat_subjectData_meta_data323		xnat_subjectData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:subjectData/meta/last_modified                                                                 xnat_subjectData_meta_data324		xnat_subjectData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:subjectData/meta/status                                                                        xnat_subjectData_meta_data325		xnat_subjectData_meta_data.status
xnat:subjectData/meta/activation_date                                                               xnat_subjectData_meta_data326		xnat_subjectData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:subjectData/meta/row_last_modified                                                             xnat_subjectData_meta_data327		xnat_subjectData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:subjectData/meta/insert_date                                                                   xnat_subjectData_meta_data328		xnat_subjectData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:subjectData/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                                                  xnat_subjectData_meta_data329		xnat_subjectData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:subjectData/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                                                      xnat_subjectData_meta_data330		xnat_subjectData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:subjectData/meta/origin                                                                        xnat_subjectData_meta_data331		xnat_subjectData_meta_data.origin
xnat:subjectData/meta/modified                                                                      xnat_subjectData_meta_data332		xnat_subjectData_meta_data.modified
xnat:subjectData/meta/shareable                                                                     xnat_subjectData_meta_data333		xnat_subjectData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:subjectData/meta/meta_data_id                                                                  xnat_subjectData_meta_data334		xnat_subjectData_meta_data.meta_data_id
