

*********************************************

ac_s_xnat_subjectAssessorData_r
(ACTIVE - MULTIPLE - ROOT)

xnat:subjectAssessorData/id                                                                         xnat_subjectAssessorData0		xnat_experimentData.id
xnat:subjectAssessorData/subject_ID                                                                 xnat_subjectAssessorData1		xnat_subjectAssessorData.subject_id
xnat:subjectAssessorData/age                                                                        xnat_subjectAssessorData2		xnat_subjectAssessorData.age
xnat:subjectAssessorData/subjectassessordata_info                                                   xnat_subjectAssessorData3		xnat_subjectAssessorData.subjectassessordata_info
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/date                                                        xnat_experimentData4		xnat_experimentData.date
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/time                                                        xnat_experimentData5		xnat_experimentData.time
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/duration                                                    xnat_experimentData6		xnat_experimentData.duration
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/delay                                                       xnat_experimentData7		xnat_experimentData.delay
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/delay/ref_expt_id                                           xnat_experimentData8		xnat_experimentData.delay_ref_expt_id
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/note                                                        xnat_experimentData9		xnat_experimentData.note
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator_xnat_investigatordata_id                       xnat_experimentData10		xnat_experimentData.investigator_xnat_investigatordata_id
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation_xnat_validationdata_id                           xnat_experimentData11		xnat_experimentData.validation_xnat_validationdata_id
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/acquisition_site                                            xnat_experimentData12		xnat_experimentData.acquisition_site
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/ID                                                          xnat_experimentData13		xnat_experimentData.id
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/project                                                     xnat_experimentData14		xnat_experimentData.project
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/visit_id                                                    xnat_experimentData15		xnat_experimentData.visit_id
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/visit                                                       xnat_experimentData16		xnat_experimentData.visit
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/version                                                     xnat_experimentData17		xnat_experimentData.version
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/original                                                    xnat_experimentData18		xnat_experimentData.original
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/protocol                                                    xnat_experimentData19		xnat_experimentData.protocol
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/label                                                       xnat_experimentData20		xnat_experimentData.label
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/extension                                                   xnat_experimentData21		xnat_experimentData.extension
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/experimentdata_info                                         xnat_experimentData22		xnat_experimentData.experimentdata_info
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/share                                         xnat_experimentData_share23		xnat_experimentData_share.share
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/label                                         xnat_experimentData_share24		xnat_experimentData_share.label
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/project                                       xnat_experimentData_share25		xnat_experimentData_share.project
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/visit                                         xnat_experimentData_share26		xnat_experimentData_share.visit
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/protocol                                      xnat_experimentData_share27		xnat_experimentData_share.protocol
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/experimentdata_share_info                     xnat_experimentData_share28		xnat_experimentData_share.experimentdata_share_info
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/xnat_experimentData_share_id                  xnat_experimentData_share29		xnat_experimentData_share.xnat_experimentdata_share_id
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/sharing_share_xnat_experimentda_id            xnat_experimentData_share30		xnat_experimentData_share.sharing_share_xnat_experimentda_id
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/xft_version                              xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data31		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/last_modified                            xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data32		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/status                                   xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data33		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.status
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/activation_date                          xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data34		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/row_last_modified                        xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data35		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/insert_date                              xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data36		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id             xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data37		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                 xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data38		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/origin                                   xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data39		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.origin
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/modified                                 xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data40		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.modified
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/shareable                                xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data41		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.shareable
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/meta_data_id                             xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data42		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/title                                          xnat_investigatorData43		xnat_investigatorData.title
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/firstname                                      xnat_investigatorData44		xnat_investigatorData.firstname
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/lastname                                       xnat_investigatorData45		xnat_investigatorData.lastname
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/institution                                    xnat_investigatorData46		xnat_investigatorData.institution
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/department                                     xnat_investigatorData47		xnat_investigatorData.department
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/email                                          xnat_investigatorData48		xnat_investigatorData.email
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/phone                                          xnat_investigatorData49		xnat_investigatorData.phone
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/ID                                             xnat_investigatorData50		xnat_investigatorData.id
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/investigatordata_info                          xnat_investigatorData51		xnat_investigatorData.investigatordata_info
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/xnat_investigatorData_id                       xnat_investigatorData52		xnat_investigatorData.xnat_investigatordata_id
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/xft_version                               xnat_investigatorData_meta_data53		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/last_modified                             xnat_investigatorData_meta_data54		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/status                                    xnat_investigatorData_meta_data55		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.status
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/activation_date                           xnat_investigatorData_meta_data56		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/row_last_modified                         xnat_investigatorData_meta_data57		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/insert_date                               xnat_investigatorData_meta_data58		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id              xnat_investigatorData_meta_data59		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                  xnat_investigatorData_meta_data60		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/origin                                    xnat_investigatorData_meta_data61		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.origin
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/modified                                  xnat_investigatorData_meta_data62		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.modified
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/shareable                                 xnat_investigatorData_meta_data63		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/meta_data_id                              xnat_investigatorData_meta_data64		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/method                                           xnat_validationData65		xnat_validationData.method
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/date                                             xnat_validationData66		xnat_validationData.date
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/notes                                            xnat_validationData67		xnat_validationData.notes
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/validated_by                                     xnat_validationData68		xnat_validationData.validated_by
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/status                                           xnat_validationData69		xnat_validationData.status
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/validationdata_info                              xnat_validationData70		xnat_validationData.validationdata_info
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/xnat_validationData_id                           xnat_validationData71		xnat_validationData.xnat_validationdata_id
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/xft_version                                 xnat_validationData_meta_data72		xnat_validationData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/last_modified                               xnat_validationData_meta_data73		xnat_validationData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/status                                      xnat_validationData_meta_data74		xnat_validationData_meta_data.status
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/activation_date                             xnat_validationData_meta_data75		xnat_validationData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/row_last_modified                           xnat_validationData_meta_data76		xnat_validationData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/insert_date                                 xnat_validationData_meta_data77		xnat_validationData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                xnat_validationData_meta_data78		xnat_validationData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                    xnat_validationData_meta_data79		xnat_validationData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/origin                                      xnat_validationData_meta_data80		xnat_validationData_meta_data.origin
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/modified                                    xnat_validationData_meta_data81		xnat_validationData_meta_data.modified
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/shareable                                   xnat_validationData_meta_data82		xnat_validationData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/meta_data_id                                xnat_validationData_meta_data83		xnat_validationData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/note                                     xnat_abstractResource84		xnat_abstractResource.note
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/label                                    xnat_abstractResource85		xnat_abstractResource.label
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/file_count                               xnat_abstractResource86		xnat_abstractResource.file_count
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/file_size                                xnat_abstractResource87		xnat_abstractResource.file_size
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/extension                                xnat_abstractResource88		xnat_abstractResource.extension
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/abstractresource_info                    xnat_abstractResource89		xnat_abstractResource.abstractresource_info
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/xnat_abstractResource_id                 xnat_abstractResource90		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id xnat_abstractResource91		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/tag                             xnat_abstractResource_tag92		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tag
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/name                            xnat_abstractResource_tag93		xnat_abstractResource_tag.name
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/abstractresource_tag_info       xnat_abstractResource_tag94		xnat_abstractResource_tag.abstractresource_tag_info
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/xnat_abstractResource_tag_id    xnat_abstractResource_tag95		xnat_abstractResource_tag.xnat_abstractresource_tag_id
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag96		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/xft_version                xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data97		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/last_modified              xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data98		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/status                     xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data99		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.status
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/activation_date            xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data100		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/row_last_modified          xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data101		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/insert_date                xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data102		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data103		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id   xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data104		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/origin                     xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data105		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.origin
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/modified                   xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data106		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.modified
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/shareable                  xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data107		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.shareable
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/meta_data_id               xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data108		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/extension_item/element_name              xdat_meta_element109		xdat_meta_element.element_name
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id      xdat_meta_element110		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/xft_version                         xnat_abstractResource_meta_data111		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/last_modified                       xnat_abstractResource_meta_data112		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/status                              xnat_abstractResource_meta_data113		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.status
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/activation_date                     xnat_abstractResource_meta_data114		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/row_last_modified                   xnat_abstractResource_meta_data115		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/insert_date                         xnat_abstractResource_meta_data116		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id        xnat_abstractResource_meta_data117		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id            xnat_abstractResource_meta_data118		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/origin                              xnat_abstractResource_meta_data119		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.origin
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/modified                            xnat_abstractResource_meta_data120		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.modified
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/shareable                           xnat_abstractResource_meta_data121		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.shareable
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/meta_data_id                        xnat_abstractResource_meta_data122		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/field                                          xnat_experimentData_field123		xnat_experimentData_field.field
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/name                                           xnat_experimentData_field124		xnat_experimentData_field.name
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/experimentdata_field_info                      xnat_experimentData_field125		xnat_experimentData_field.experimentdata_field_info
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/xnat_experimentData_field_id                   xnat_experimentData_field126		xnat_experimentData_field.xnat_experimentdata_field_id
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/fields_field_xnat_experimentdat_id             xnat_experimentData_field127		xnat_experimentData_field.fields_field_xnat_experimentdat_id
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/xft_version                               xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data128		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/last_modified                             xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data129		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/status                                    xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data130		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.status
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/activation_date                           xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data131		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/row_last_modified                         xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data132		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/insert_date                               xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data133		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id              xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data134		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                  xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data135		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/origin                                    xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data136		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.origin
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/modified                                  xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data137		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.modified
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/shareable                                 xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data138		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.shareable
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/meta_data_id                              xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data139		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/extension_item/element_name                                 xdat_meta_element140		xdat_meta_element.element_name
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id                         xdat_meta_element141		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/xft_version                                            xnat_experimentData_meta_data142		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/last_modified                                          xnat_experimentData_meta_data143		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/status                                                 xnat_experimentData_meta_data144		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.status
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/activation_date                                        xnat_experimentData_meta_data145		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/row_last_modified                                      xnat_experimentData_meta_data146		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/insert_date                                            xnat_experimentData_meta_data147		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                           xnat_experimentData_meta_data148		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                               xnat_experimentData_meta_data149		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/origin                                                 xnat_experimentData_meta_data150		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.origin
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/modified                                               xnat_experimentData_meta_data151		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.modified
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/shareable                                              xnat_experimentData_meta_data152		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/meta_data_id                                           xnat_experimentData_meta_data153		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:subjectAssessorData/meta/xft_version                                                           xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data154		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:subjectAssessorData/meta/last_modified                                                         xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data155		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:subjectAssessorData/meta/status                                                                xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data156		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.status
xnat:subjectAssessorData/meta/activation_date                                                       xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data157		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:subjectAssessorData/meta/row_last_modified                                                     xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data158		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:subjectAssessorData/meta/insert_date                                                           xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data159		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:subjectAssessorData/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                                          xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data160		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:subjectAssessorData/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                                              xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data161		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:subjectAssessorData/meta/origin                                                                xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data162		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.origin
xnat:subjectAssessorData/meta/modified                                                              xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data163		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.modified
xnat:subjectAssessorData/meta/shareable                                                             xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data164		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:subjectAssessorData/meta/meta_data_id                                                          xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data165		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.meta_data_id
