

*********************************************

ac_s_xnat_resourceCatalog_r
(ACTIVE - MULTIPLE - ROOT)

xnat:resourceCatalog/xnat_abstractresource_id                                                       xnat_resourceCatalog0		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:resourceCatalog/resourcecatalog_info                                                           xnat_resourceCatalog1		xnat_resourceCatalog.resourcecatalog_info
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/xnat_abstractresource_id                                              xnat_resource2		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/provenance_prov_process_id                                            xnat_resource3		xnat_resource.provenance_prov_process_id
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/URI                                                                   xnat_resource4		xnat_resource.uri
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/format                                                                xnat_resource5		xnat_resource.format
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/description                                                           xnat_resource6		xnat_resource.description
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/content                                                               xnat_resource7		xnat_resource.content
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/cachePath                                                             xnat_resource8		xnat_resource.cachepath
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/resource_info                                                         xnat_resource9		xnat_resource.resource_info
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/abstractResource/note                                                 xnat_abstractResource10		xnat_abstractResource.note
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/abstractResource/label                                                xnat_abstractResource11		xnat_abstractResource.label
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/abstractResource/file_count                                           xnat_abstractResource12		xnat_abstractResource.file_count
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/abstractResource/file_size                                            xnat_abstractResource13		xnat_abstractResource.file_size
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/abstractResource/extension                                            xnat_abstractResource14		xnat_abstractResource.extension
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/abstractResource/abstractresource_info                                xnat_abstractResource15		xnat_abstractResource.abstractresource_info
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/abstractResource/xnat_abstractResource_id                             xnat_abstractResource16		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/abstractResource/xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id             xnat_abstractResource17		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/abstractResource/tags/tag/tag                                         xnat_abstractResource_tag18		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tag
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/abstractResource/tags/tag/name                                        xnat_abstractResource_tag19		xnat_abstractResource_tag.name
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/abstractResource/tags/tag/abstractresource_tag_info                   xnat_abstractResource_tag20		xnat_abstractResource_tag.abstractresource_tag_info
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/abstractResource/tags/tag/xnat_abstractResource_tag_id                xnat_abstractResource_tag21		xnat_abstractResource_tag.xnat_abstractresource_tag_id
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/abstractResource/tags/tag/tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag22		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/abstractResource/tags/tag/meta/xft_version                            xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data23		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/abstractResource/tags/tag/meta/last_modified                          xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data24		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/abstractResource/tags/tag/meta/status                                 xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data25		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.status
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/abstractResource/tags/tag/meta/activation_date                        xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data26		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/abstractResource/tags/tag/meta/row_last_modified                      xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data27		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/abstractResource/tags/tag/meta/insert_date                            xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data28		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/abstractResource/tags/tag/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id           xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data29		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/abstractResource/tags/tag/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id               xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data30		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/abstractResource/tags/tag/meta/origin                                 xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data31		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.origin
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/abstractResource/tags/tag/meta/modified                               xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data32		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.modified
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/abstractResource/tags/tag/meta/shareable                              xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data33		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.shareable
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/abstractResource/tags/tag/meta/meta_data_id                           xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data34		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/abstractResource/extension_item/element_name                          xdat_meta_element35		xdat_meta_element.element_name
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/abstractResource/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id                  xdat_meta_element36		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/abstractResource/meta/xft_version                                     xnat_abstractResource_meta_data37		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/abstractResource/meta/last_modified                                   xnat_abstractResource_meta_data38		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/abstractResource/meta/status                                          xnat_abstractResource_meta_data39		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.status
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/abstractResource/meta/activation_date                                 xnat_abstractResource_meta_data40		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/abstractResource/meta/row_last_modified                               xnat_abstractResource_meta_data41		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/abstractResource/meta/insert_date                                     xnat_abstractResource_meta_data42		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/abstractResource/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                    xnat_abstractResource_meta_data43		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/abstractResource/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                        xnat_abstractResource_meta_data44		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/abstractResource/meta/origin                                          xnat_abstractResource_meta_data45		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.origin
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/abstractResource/meta/modified                                        xnat_abstractResource_meta_data46		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.modified
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/abstractResource/meta/shareable                                       xnat_abstractResource_meta_data47		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.shareable
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/abstractResource/meta/meta_data_id                                    xnat_abstractResource_meta_data48		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/provenance/process_info                                               prov_process49		prov_process.process_info
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/provenance/prov_process_id                                            prov_process50		prov_process.prov_process_id
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/provenance/processStep/program                                        prov_processStep51		prov_processStep.program
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/provenance/processStep/program/version                                prov_processStep52		prov_processStep.program_version
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/provenance/processStep/program/arguments                              prov_processStep53		prov_processStep.program_arguments
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/provenance/processStep/timestamp                                      prov_processStep54		prov_processStep.timestamp
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/provenance/processStep/cvs                                            prov_processStep55		prov_processStep.cvs
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/provenance/processStep/user                                           prov_processStep56		prov_processStep.user_name
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/provenance/processStep/machine                                        prov_processStep57		prov_processStep.machine
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/provenance/processStep/platform                                       prov_processStep58		prov_processStep.platform
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/provenance/processStep/platform/version                               prov_processStep59		prov_processStep.platform_version
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/provenance/processStep/compiler                                       prov_processStep60		prov_processStep.compiler
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/provenance/processStep/compiler/version                               prov_processStep61		prov_processStep.compiler_version
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/provenance/processStep/processstep_info                               prov_processStep62		prov_processStep.processstep_info
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/provenance/processStep/prov_processStep_id                            prov_processStep63		prov_processStep.prov_processstep_id
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/provenance/processStep/prov_process_prov_process_id                   prov_processStep64		prov_processStep.prov_process_prov_process_id
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/provenance/processStep/library/library                                prov_processStep_library65		prov_processStep_library.library
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/provenance/processStep/library/version                                prov_processStep_library66		prov_processStep_library.version
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/provenance/processStep/library/processstep_library_info               prov_processStep_library67		prov_processStep_library.processstep_library_info
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/provenance/processStep/library/prov_processStep_library_id            prov_processStep_library68		prov_processStep_library.prov_processstep_library_id
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/provenance/processStep/library/prov_processstep_prov_processstep_id   prov_processStep_library69		prov_processStep_library.prov_processstep_prov_processstep_id
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/provenance/processStep/library/meta/xft_version                       prov_processStep_library_meta_data70		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/provenance/processStep/library/meta/last_modified                     prov_processStep_library_meta_data71		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/provenance/processStep/library/meta/status                            prov_processStep_library_meta_data72		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.status
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/provenance/processStep/library/meta/activation_date                   prov_processStep_library_meta_data73		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/provenance/processStep/library/meta/row_last_modified                 prov_processStep_library_meta_data74		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/provenance/processStep/library/meta/insert_date                       prov_processStep_library_meta_data75		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/provenance/processStep/library/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id      prov_processStep_library_meta_data76		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/provenance/processStep/library/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id          prov_processStep_library_meta_data77		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/provenance/processStep/library/meta/origin                            prov_processStep_library_meta_data78		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.origin
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/provenance/processStep/library/meta/modified                          prov_processStep_library_meta_data79		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.modified
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/provenance/processStep/library/meta/shareable                         prov_processStep_library_meta_data80		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.shareable
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/provenance/processStep/library/meta/meta_data_id                      prov_processStep_library_meta_data81		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/provenance/processStep/meta/xft_version                               prov_processStep_meta_data82		prov_processStep_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/provenance/processStep/meta/last_modified                             prov_processStep_meta_data83		prov_processStep_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/provenance/processStep/meta/status                                    prov_processStep_meta_data84		prov_processStep_meta_data.status
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/provenance/processStep/meta/activation_date                           prov_processStep_meta_data85		prov_processStep_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/provenance/processStep/meta/row_last_modified                         prov_processStep_meta_data86		prov_processStep_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/provenance/processStep/meta/insert_date                               prov_processStep_meta_data87		prov_processStep_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/provenance/processStep/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id              prov_processStep_meta_data88		prov_processStep_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/provenance/processStep/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                  prov_processStep_meta_data89		prov_processStep_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/provenance/processStep/meta/origin                                    prov_processStep_meta_data90		prov_processStep_meta_data.origin
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/provenance/processStep/meta/modified                                  prov_processStep_meta_data91		prov_processStep_meta_data.modified
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/provenance/processStep/meta/shareable                                 prov_processStep_meta_data92		prov_processStep_meta_data.shareable
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/provenance/processStep/meta/meta_data_id                              prov_processStep_meta_data93		prov_processStep_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/provenance/meta/xft_version                                           prov_process_meta_data94		prov_process_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/provenance/meta/last_modified                                         prov_process_meta_data95		prov_process_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/provenance/meta/status                                                prov_process_meta_data96		prov_process_meta_data.status
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/provenance/meta/activation_date                                       prov_process_meta_data97		prov_process_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/provenance/meta/row_last_modified                                     prov_process_meta_data98		prov_process_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/provenance/meta/insert_date                                           prov_process_meta_data99		prov_process_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/provenance/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                          prov_process_meta_data100		prov_process_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/provenance/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                              prov_process_meta_data101		prov_process_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/provenance/meta/origin                                                prov_process_meta_data102		prov_process_meta_data.origin
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/provenance/meta/modified                                              prov_process_meta_data103		prov_process_meta_data.modified
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/provenance/meta/shareable                                             prov_process_meta_data104		prov_process_meta_data.shareable
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/provenance/meta/meta_data_id                                          prov_process_meta_data105		prov_process_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/meta/xft_version                                                      xnat_resource_meta_data106		xnat_resource_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/meta/last_modified                                                    xnat_resource_meta_data107		xnat_resource_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/meta/status                                                           xnat_resource_meta_data108		xnat_resource_meta_data.status
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/meta/activation_date                                                  xnat_resource_meta_data109		xnat_resource_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/meta/row_last_modified                                                xnat_resource_meta_data110		xnat_resource_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/meta/insert_date                                                      xnat_resource_meta_data111		xnat_resource_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                                     xnat_resource_meta_data112		xnat_resource_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                                         xnat_resource_meta_data113		xnat_resource_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/meta/origin                                                           xnat_resource_meta_data114		xnat_resource_meta_data.origin
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/meta/modified                                                         xnat_resource_meta_data115		xnat_resource_meta_data.modified
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/meta/shareable                                                        xnat_resource_meta_data116		xnat_resource_meta_data.shareable
xnat:resourceCatalog/resource/meta/meta_data_id                                                     xnat_resource_meta_data117		xnat_resource_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:resourceCatalog/meta/xft_version                                                               xnat_resourceCatalog_meta_data118		xnat_resourceCatalog_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:resourceCatalog/meta/last_modified                                                             xnat_resourceCatalog_meta_data119		xnat_resourceCatalog_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:resourceCatalog/meta/status                                                                    xnat_resourceCatalog_meta_data120		xnat_resourceCatalog_meta_data.status
xnat:resourceCatalog/meta/activation_date                                                           xnat_resourceCatalog_meta_data121		xnat_resourceCatalog_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:resourceCatalog/meta/row_last_modified                                                         xnat_resourceCatalog_meta_data122		xnat_resourceCatalog_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:resourceCatalog/meta/insert_date                                                               xnat_resourceCatalog_meta_data123		xnat_resourceCatalog_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:resourceCatalog/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                                              xnat_resourceCatalog_meta_data124		xnat_resourceCatalog_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:resourceCatalog/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                                                  xnat_resourceCatalog_meta_data125		xnat_resourceCatalog_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:resourceCatalog/meta/origin                                                                    xnat_resourceCatalog_meta_data126		xnat_resourceCatalog_meta_data.origin
xnat:resourceCatalog/meta/modified                                                                  xnat_resourceCatalog_meta_data127		xnat_resourceCatalog_meta_data.modified
xnat:resourceCatalog/meta/shareable                                                                 xnat_resourceCatalog_meta_data128		xnat_resourceCatalog_meta_data.shareable
xnat:resourceCatalog/meta/meta_data_id                                                              xnat_resourceCatalog_meta_data129		xnat_resourceCatalog_meta_data.meta_data_id
