

*********************************************

ac_s_xnat_qcAssessmentData_r
(ACTIVE - MULTIPLE - ROOT)

xnat:qcAssessmentData/id                                                                            xnat_qcAssessmentData0		xnat_experimentData.id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/type                                                                          xnat_qcAssessmentData1		xnat_qcAssessmentData.type
xnat:qcAssessmentData/qcassessmentdata_info                                                         xnat_qcAssessmentData2		xnat_qcAssessmentData.qcassessmentdata_info
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/id                                                             xnat_mrAssessorData3		xnat_experimentData.id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/mrassessordata_info                                            xnat_mrAssessorData4		xnat_mrAssessorData.mrassessordata_info
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/id                                           xnat_imageAssessorData5		xnat_experimentData.id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/imageSession_ID                              xnat_imageAssessorData6		xnat_imageAssessorData.imagesession_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/imageassessordata_info                       xnat_imageAssessorData7		xnat_imageAssessorData.imageassessordata_info
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/id                               xnat_derivedData8		xnat_experimentData.id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance_prov_process_id       xnat_derivedData9		xnat_derivedData.provenance_prov_process_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/deriveddata_info                 xnat_derivedData10		xnat_derivedData.deriveddata_info
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/date              xnat_experimentData11		xnat_experimentData.date
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/time              xnat_experimentData12		xnat_experimentData.time
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/duration          xnat_experimentData13		xnat_experimentData.duration
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/delay             xnat_experimentData14		xnat_experimentData.delay
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/delay/ref_expt_id xnat_experimentData15		xnat_experimentData.delay_ref_expt_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/note              xnat_experimentData16		xnat_experimentData.note
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator_xnat_investigatordata_id	xnat_experimentData17		xnat_experimentData.investigator_xnat_investigatordata_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation_xnat_validationdata_id	xnat_experimentData18		xnat_experimentData.validation_xnat_validationdata_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/acquisition_site  xnat_experimentData19		xnat_experimentData.acquisition_site
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/ID                xnat_experimentData20		xnat_experimentData.id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/project           xnat_experimentData21		xnat_experimentData.project
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/visit_id          xnat_experimentData22		xnat_experimentData.visit_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/visit             xnat_experimentData23		xnat_experimentData.visit
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/version           xnat_experimentData24		xnat_experimentData.version
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/original          xnat_experimentData25		xnat_experimentData.original
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/protocol          xnat_experimentData26		xnat_experimentData.protocol
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/label             xnat_experimentData27		xnat_experimentData.label
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/extension         xnat_experimentData28		xnat_experimentData.extension
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/experimentdata_info	xnat_experimentData29		xnat_experimentData.experimentdata_info
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/share	xnat_experimentData_share30		xnat_experimentData_share.share
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/label	xnat_experimentData_share31		xnat_experimentData_share.label
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/project	xnat_experimentData_share32		xnat_experimentData_share.project
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/visit	xnat_experimentData_share33		xnat_experimentData_share.visit
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/protocol	xnat_experimentData_share34		xnat_experimentData_share.protocol
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/experimentdata_share_info	xnat_experimentData_share35		xnat_experimentData_share.experimentdata_share_info
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/xnat_experimentData_share_id	xnat_experimentData_share36		xnat_experimentData_share.xnat_experimentdata_share_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/sharing_share_xnat_experimentda_id	xnat_experimentData_share37		xnat_experimentData_share.sharing_share_xnat_experimentda_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/xft_version	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data38		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/last_modified	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data39		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/status	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data40		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.status
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/activation_date	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data41		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data42		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/insert_date	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data43		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data44		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data45		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/origin	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data46		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.origin
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/modified	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data47		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.modified
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/shareable	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data48		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.shareable
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/meta_data_id	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data49		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/title	xnat_investigatorData50		xnat_investigatorData.title
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/firstname	xnat_investigatorData51		xnat_investigatorData.firstname
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/lastname	xnat_investigatorData52		xnat_investigatorData.lastname
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/institution	xnat_investigatorData53		xnat_investigatorData.institution
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/department	xnat_investigatorData54		xnat_investigatorData.department
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/email	xnat_investigatorData55		xnat_investigatorData.email
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/phone	xnat_investigatorData56		xnat_investigatorData.phone
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/ID   xnat_investigatorData57		xnat_investigatorData.id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/investigatordata_info	xnat_investigatorData58		xnat_investigatorData.investigatordata_info
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/xnat_investigatorData_id	xnat_investigatorData59		xnat_investigatorData.xnat_investigatordata_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/xft_version	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data60		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/last_modified	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data61		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/status	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data62		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.status
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/activation_date	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data63		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data64		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/insert_date	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data65		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data66		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data67		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/origin	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data68		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.origin
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/modified	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data69		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.modified
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/shareable	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data70		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/meta_data_id	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data71		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/method xnat_validationData72		xnat_validationData.method
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/date   xnat_validationData73		xnat_validationData.date
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/notes  xnat_validationData74		xnat_validationData.notes
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/validated_by	xnat_validationData75		xnat_validationData.validated_by
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/status xnat_validationData76		xnat_validationData.status
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/validationdata_info	xnat_validationData77		xnat_validationData.validationdata_info
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/xnat_validationData_id	xnat_validationData78		xnat_validationData.xnat_validationdata_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/xft_version	xnat_validationData_meta_data79		xnat_validationData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/last_modified	xnat_validationData_meta_data80		xnat_validationData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/status	xnat_validationData_meta_data81		xnat_validationData_meta_data.status
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/activation_date	xnat_validationData_meta_data82		xnat_validationData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_validationData_meta_data83		xnat_validationData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/insert_date	xnat_validationData_meta_data84		xnat_validationData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_validationData_meta_data85		xnat_validationData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_validationData_meta_data86		xnat_validationData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/origin	xnat_validationData_meta_data87		xnat_validationData_meta_data.origin
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/modified	xnat_validationData_meta_data88		xnat_validationData_meta_data.modified
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/shareable	xnat_validationData_meta_data89		xnat_validationData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/meta_data_id	xnat_validationData_meta_data90		xnat_validationData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/note	xnat_abstractResource91		xnat_abstractResource.note
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/label	xnat_abstractResource92		xnat_abstractResource.label
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/file_count	xnat_abstractResource93		xnat_abstractResource.file_count
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/file_size	xnat_abstractResource94		xnat_abstractResource.file_size
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/extension	xnat_abstractResource95		xnat_abstractResource.extension
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/abstractresource_info	xnat_abstractResource96		xnat_abstractResource.abstractresource_info
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/xnat_abstractResource_id	xnat_abstractResource97		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id	xnat_abstractResource98		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/tag	xnat_abstractResource_tag99		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tag
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/name	xnat_abstractResource_tag100		xnat_abstractResource_tag.name
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/abstractresource_tag_info	xnat_abstractResource_tag101		xnat_abstractResource_tag.abstractresource_tag_info
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/xnat_abstractResource_tag_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag102		xnat_abstractResource_tag.xnat_abstractresource_tag_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag103		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/xft_version	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data104		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/last_modified	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data105		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/status	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data106		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.status
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/activation_date	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data107		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data108		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/insert_date	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data109		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data110		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data111		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/origin	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data112		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.origin
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/modified	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data113		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.modified
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/shareable	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data114		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.shareable
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/meta_data_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data115		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/extension_item/element_name	xdat_meta_element116		xdat_meta_element.element_name
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id	xdat_meta_element117		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/xft_version	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data118		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/last_modified	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data119		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/status	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data120		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.status
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/activation_date	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data121		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data122		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/insert_date	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data123		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data124		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data125		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/origin	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data126		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.origin
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/modified	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data127		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.modified
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/shareable	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data128		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.shareable
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/meta_data_id	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data129		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/field	xnat_experimentData_field130		xnat_experimentData_field.field
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/name xnat_experimentData_field131		xnat_experimentData_field.name
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/experimentdata_field_info	xnat_experimentData_field132		xnat_experimentData_field.experimentdata_field_info
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/xnat_experimentData_field_id	xnat_experimentData_field133		xnat_experimentData_field.xnat_experimentdata_field_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/fields_field_xnat_experimentdat_id	xnat_experimentData_field134		xnat_experimentData_field.fields_field_xnat_experimentdat_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/xft_version	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data135		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/last_modified	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data136		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/status	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data137		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.status
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/activation_date	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data138		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data139		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/insert_date	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data140		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data141		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data142		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/origin	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data143		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.origin
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/modified	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data144		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.modified
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/shareable	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data145		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.shareable
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/meta_data_id	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data146		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/extension_item/element_name	xdat_meta_element147		xdat_meta_element.element_name
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id	xdat_meta_element148		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/meta/xft_version  xnat_experimentData_meta_data149		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/meta/last_modified	xnat_experimentData_meta_data150		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/meta/status       xnat_experimentData_meta_data151		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.status
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/meta/activation_date	xnat_experimentData_meta_data152		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_experimentData_meta_data153		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/meta/insert_date  xnat_experimentData_meta_data154		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_experimentData_meta_data155		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_experimentData_meta_data156		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/meta/origin       xnat_experimentData_meta_data157		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.origin
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/meta/modified     xnat_experimentData_meta_data158		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.modified
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/meta/shareable    xnat_experimentData_meta_data159		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/meta/meta_data_id xnat_experimentData_meta_data160		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/process_info          prov_process161		prov_process.process_info
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/prov_process_id       prov_process162		prov_process.prov_process_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/program   prov_processStep163		prov_processStep.program
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/program/version	prov_processStep164		prov_processStep.program_version
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/program/arguments	prov_processStep165		prov_processStep.program_arguments
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/timestamp prov_processStep166		prov_processStep.timestamp
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/cvs       prov_processStep167		prov_processStep.cvs
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/user      prov_processStep168		prov_processStep.user_name
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/machine   prov_processStep169		prov_processStep.machine
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/platform  prov_processStep170		prov_processStep.platform
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/platform/version	prov_processStep171		prov_processStep.platform_version
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/compiler  prov_processStep172		prov_processStep.compiler
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/compiler/version	prov_processStep173		prov_processStep.compiler_version
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/processstep_info	prov_processStep174		prov_processStep.processstep_info
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/prov_processStep_id	prov_processStep175		prov_processStep.prov_processstep_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/prov_process_prov_process_id	prov_processStep176		prov_processStep.prov_process_prov_process_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/library	prov_processStep_library177		prov_processStep_library.library
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/version	prov_processStep_library178		prov_processStep_library.version
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/processstep_library_info	prov_processStep_library179		prov_processStep_library.processstep_library_info
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/prov_processStep_library_id	prov_processStep_library180		prov_processStep_library.prov_processstep_library_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/prov_processstep_prov_processstep_id	prov_processStep_library181		prov_processStep_library.prov_processstep_prov_processstep_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/xft_version	prov_processStep_library_meta_data182		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/last_modified	prov_processStep_library_meta_data183		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/status	prov_processStep_library_meta_data184		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.status
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/activation_date	prov_processStep_library_meta_data185		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/row_last_modified	prov_processStep_library_meta_data186		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/insert_date	prov_processStep_library_meta_data187		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	prov_processStep_library_meta_data188		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	prov_processStep_library_meta_data189		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/origin	prov_processStep_library_meta_data190		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.origin
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/modified	prov_processStep_library_meta_data191		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.modified
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/shareable	prov_processStep_library_meta_data192		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.shareable
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/meta_data_id	prov_processStep_library_meta_data193		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/xft_version	prov_processStep_meta_data194		prov_processStep_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/last_modified	prov_processStep_meta_data195		prov_processStep_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/status	prov_processStep_meta_data196		prov_processStep_meta_data.status
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/activation_date	prov_processStep_meta_data197		prov_processStep_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/row_last_modified	prov_processStep_meta_data198		prov_processStep_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/insert_date	prov_processStep_meta_data199		prov_processStep_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	prov_processStep_meta_data200		prov_processStep_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	prov_processStep_meta_data201		prov_processStep_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/origin	prov_processStep_meta_data202		prov_processStep_meta_data.origin
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/modified	prov_processStep_meta_data203		prov_processStep_meta_data.modified
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/shareable	prov_processStep_meta_data204		prov_processStep_meta_data.shareable
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/meta_data_id	prov_processStep_meta_data205		prov_processStep_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/meta/xft_version      prov_process_meta_data206		prov_process_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/meta/last_modified    prov_process_meta_data207		prov_process_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/meta/status           prov_process_meta_data208		prov_process_meta_data.status
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/meta/activation_date  prov_process_meta_data209		prov_process_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/meta/row_last_modified	prov_process_meta_data210		prov_process_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/meta/insert_date      prov_process_meta_data211		prov_process_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	prov_process_meta_data212		prov_process_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	prov_process_meta_data213		prov_process_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/meta/origin           prov_process_meta_data214		prov_process_meta_data.origin
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/meta/modified         prov_process_meta_data215		prov_process_meta_data.modified
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/meta/shareable        prov_process_meta_data216		prov_process_meta_data.shareable
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/meta/meta_data_id     prov_process_meta_data217		prov_process_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/meta/xft_version                 xnat_derivedData_meta_data218		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/meta/last_modified               xnat_derivedData_meta_data219		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/meta/status                      xnat_derivedData_meta_data220		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.status
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/meta/activation_date             xnat_derivedData_meta_data221		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/meta/row_last_modified           xnat_derivedData_meta_data222		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/meta/insert_date                 xnat_derivedData_meta_data223		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_derivedData_meta_data224		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id    xnat_derivedData_meta_data225		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/meta/origin                      xnat_derivedData_meta_data226		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.origin
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/meta/modified                    xnat_derivedData_meta_data227		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.modified
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/meta/shareable                   xnat_derivedData_meta_data228		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/meta/meta_data_id                xnat_derivedData_meta_data229		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/note                                 xnat_abstractResource230		xnat_abstractResource.note
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/label                                xnat_abstractResource231		xnat_abstractResource.label
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/file_count                           xnat_abstractResource232		xnat_abstractResource.file_count
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/file_size                            xnat_abstractResource233		xnat_abstractResource.file_size
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/extension                            xnat_abstractResource234		xnat_abstractResource.extension
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/abstractresource_info                xnat_abstractResource235		xnat_abstractResource.abstractresource_info
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/xnat_abstractResource_id             xnat_abstractResource236		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id	xnat_abstractResource237		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/tags/tag/tag                         xnat_abstractResource_tag238		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tag
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/tags/tag/name                        xnat_abstractResource_tag239		xnat_abstractResource_tag.name
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/tags/tag/abstractresource_tag_info   xnat_abstractResource_tag240		xnat_abstractResource_tag.abstractresource_tag_info
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/tags/tag/xnat_abstractResource_tag_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag241		xnat_abstractResource_tag.xnat_abstractresource_tag_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/tags/tag/tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag242		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/tags/tag/meta/xft_version            xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data243		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/tags/tag/meta/last_modified          xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data244		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/tags/tag/meta/status                 xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data245		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.status
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/tags/tag/meta/activation_date        xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data246		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/tags/tag/meta/row_last_modified      xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data247		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/tags/tag/meta/insert_date            xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data248		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/tags/tag/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data249		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/tags/tag/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data250		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/tags/tag/meta/origin                 xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data251		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.origin
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/tags/tag/meta/modified               xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data252		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.modified
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/tags/tag/meta/shareable              xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data253		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.shareable
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/tags/tag/meta/meta_data_id           xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data254		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/extension_item/element_name          xdat_meta_element255		xdat_meta_element.element_name
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id  xdat_meta_element256		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/meta/xft_version                     xnat_abstractResource_meta_data257		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/meta/last_modified                   xnat_abstractResource_meta_data258		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/meta/status                          xnat_abstractResource_meta_data259		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.status
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/meta/activation_date                 xnat_abstractResource_meta_data260		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/meta/row_last_modified               xnat_abstractResource_meta_data261		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/meta/insert_date                     xnat_abstractResource_meta_data262		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id    xnat_abstractResource_meta_data263		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id        xnat_abstractResource_meta_data264		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/meta/origin                          xnat_abstractResource_meta_data265		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.origin
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/meta/modified                        xnat_abstractResource_meta_data266		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.modified
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/meta/shareable                       xnat_abstractResource_meta_data267		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.shareable
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/meta/meta_data_id                    xnat_abstractResource_meta_data268		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/note                                xnat_abstractResource269		xnat_abstractResource.note
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/label                               xnat_abstractResource270		xnat_abstractResource.label
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/file_count                          xnat_abstractResource271		xnat_abstractResource.file_count
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/file_size                           xnat_abstractResource272		xnat_abstractResource.file_size
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/extension                           xnat_abstractResource273		xnat_abstractResource.extension
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/abstractresource_info               xnat_abstractResource274		xnat_abstractResource.abstractresource_info
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/xnat_abstractResource_id            xnat_abstractResource275		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id	xnat_abstractResource276		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/tags/tag/tag                        xnat_abstractResource_tag277		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tag
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/tags/tag/name                       xnat_abstractResource_tag278		xnat_abstractResource_tag.name
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/tags/tag/abstractresource_tag_info  xnat_abstractResource_tag279		xnat_abstractResource_tag.abstractresource_tag_info
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/tags/tag/xnat_abstractResource_tag_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag280		xnat_abstractResource_tag.xnat_abstractresource_tag_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/tags/tag/tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag281		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/tags/tag/meta/xft_version           xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data282		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/tags/tag/meta/last_modified         xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data283		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/tags/tag/meta/status                xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data284		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.status
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/tags/tag/meta/activation_date       xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data285		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/tags/tag/meta/row_last_modified     xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data286		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/tags/tag/meta/insert_date           xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data287		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/tags/tag/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data288		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/tags/tag/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data289		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/tags/tag/meta/origin                xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data290		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.origin
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/tags/tag/meta/modified              xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data291		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.modified
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/tags/tag/meta/shareable             xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data292		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.shareable
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/tags/tag/meta/meta_data_id          xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data293		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/extension_item/element_name         xdat_meta_element294		xdat_meta_element.element_name
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id xdat_meta_element295		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/meta/xft_version                    xnat_abstractResource_meta_data296		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/meta/last_modified                  xnat_abstractResource_meta_data297		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/meta/status                         xnat_abstractResource_meta_data298		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.status
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/meta/activation_date                xnat_abstractResource_meta_data299		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/meta/row_last_modified              xnat_abstractResource_meta_data300		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/meta/insert_date                    xnat_abstractResource_meta_data301		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id   xnat_abstractResource_meta_data302		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id       xnat_abstractResource_meta_data303		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/meta/origin                         xnat_abstractResource_meta_data304		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.origin
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/meta/modified                       xnat_abstractResource_meta_data305		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.modified
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/meta/shareable                      xnat_abstractResource_meta_data306		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.shareable
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/meta/meta_data_id                   xnat_abstractResource_meta_data307		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/addField                 xnat_addField308		xnat_addField.addfield
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/name                     xnat_addField309		xnat_addField.name
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/addfield_info            xnat_addField310		xnat_addField.addfield_info
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/xnat_addField_id         xnat_addField311		xnat_addField.xnat_addfield_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/parameters_addparam_xnat_mrscan_xnat_imagescandata_id	xnat_addField312		xnat_addField.parameters_addparam_xnat_mrscan_xnat_imagescandata_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/parameters_addparam_xnat_recons_xnat_reconstructedimagedata_id	xnat_addField313		xnat_addField.parameters_addparam_xnat_recons_xnat_reconstructedimagedata_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/parameters_addparam_xnat_petsca_xnat_imagescandata_id	xnat_addField314		xnat_addField.parameters_addparam_xnat_petsca_xnat_imagescandata_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/parameters_addparam_xnat_imagea_id	xnat_addField315		xnat_addField.parameters_addparam_xnat_imagea_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/meta/xft_version         xnat_addField_meta_data316		xnat_addField_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/meta/last_modified       xnat_addField_meta_data317		xnat_addField_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/meta/status              xnat_addField_meta_data318		xnat_addField_meta_data.status
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/meta/activation_date     xnat_addField_meta_data319		xnat_addField_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/meta/row_last_modified   xnat_addField_meta_data320		xnat_addField_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/meta/insert_date         xnat_addField_meta_data321		xnat_addField_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_addField_meta_data322		xnat_addField_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_addField_meta_data323		xnat_addField_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/meta/origin              xnat_addField_meta_data324		xnat_addField_meta_data.origin
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/meta/modified            xnat_addField_meta_data325		xnat_addField_meta_data.modified
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/meta/shareable           xnat_addField_meta_data326		xnat_addField_meta_data.shareable
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/meta/meta_data_id        xnat_addField_meta_data327		xnat_addField_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/meta/xft_version                             xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data328		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/meta/last_modified                           xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data329		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/meta/status                                  xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data330		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.status
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/meta/activation_date                         xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data331		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/meta/row_last_modified                       xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data332		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/meta/insert_date                             xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data333		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id            xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data334		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data335		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/meta/origin                                  xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data336		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.origin
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/meta/modified                                xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data337		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.modified
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/meta/shareable                               xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data338		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/meta/meta_data_id                            xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data339		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/meta/xft_version                                               xnat_mrAssessorData_meta_data340		xnat_mrAssessorData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/meta/last_modified                                             xnat_mrAssessorData_meta_data341		xnat_mrAssessorData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/meta/status                                                    xnat_mrAssessorData_meta_data342		xnat_mrAssessorData_meta_data.status
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/meta/activation_date                                           xnat_mrAssessorData_meta_data343		xnat_mrAssessorData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/meta/row_last_modified                                         xnat_mrAssessorData_meta_data344		xnat_mrAssessorData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/meta/insert_date                                               xnat_mrAssessorData_meta_data345		xnat_mrAssessorData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                              xnat_mrAssessorData_meta_data346		xnat_mrAssessorData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                                  xnat_mrAssessorData_meta_data347		xnat_mrAssessorData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/meta/origin                                                    xnat_mrAssessorData_meta_data348		xnat_mrAssessorData_meta_data.origin
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/meta/modified                                                  xnat_mrAssessorData_meta_data349		xnat_mrAssessorData_meta_data.modified
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/meta/shareable                                                 xnat_mrAssessorData_meta_data350		xnat_mrAssessorData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:qcAssessmentData/mrAssessorData/meta/meta_data_id                                              xnat_mrAssessorData_meta_data351		xnat_mrAssessorData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/scans/scan/scanstatistics_xnat_abstractstatistics_id                          xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan352		xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan.scanstatistics_xnat_abstractstatistics_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/scans/scan/id                                                                 xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan353		xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan.id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/scans/scan/qcassessmentdata_scan_info                                         xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan354		xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan.qcassessmentdata_scan_info
xnat:qcAssessmentData/scans/scan/xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_id                                      xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan355		xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan.xnat_qcassessmentdata_scan_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/scans/scan/scans_scan_xnat_qcassessmentdat_id                                 xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan356		xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan.scans_scan_xnat_qcassessmentdat_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/scans/scan/sliceQC/slice/slicestatistics_xnat_abstractstatistics_id           xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice357		xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice.slicestatistics_xnat_abstractstatistics_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/scans/scan/sliceQC/slice/number                                               xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice358		xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice.number
xnat:qcAssessmentData/scans/scan/sliceQC/slice/qcassessmentdata_scan_slice_info                     xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice359		xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice.qcassessmentdata_scan_slice_info
xnat:qcAssessmentData/scans/scan/sliceQC/slice/xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice_id                  xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice360		xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice.xnat_qcassessmentdata_scan_slice_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/scans/scan/sliceQC/slice/sliceqc_slice_xnat_qcassessment_xnat_qcassessmentdata_scan_id	xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice361		xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice.sliceqc_slice_xnat_qcassessment_xnat_qcassessmentdata_scan_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/scans/scan/sliceQC/slice/sliceStatistics/extension                            xnat_abstractStatistics362		xnat_abstractStatistics.extension
xnat:qcAssessmentData/scans/scan/sliceQC/slice/sliceStatistics/abstractstatistics_info              xnat_abstractStatistics363		xnat_abstractStatistics.abstractstatistics_info
xnat:qcAssessmentData/scans/scan/sliceQC/slice/sliceStatistics/xnat_abstractStatistics_id           xnat_abstractStatistics364		xnat_abstractStatistics.xnat_abstractstatistics_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/scans/scan/sliceQC/slice/sliceStatistics/extension_item/element_name          xdat_meta_element365		xdat_meta_element.element_name
xnat:qcAssessmentData/scans/scan/sliceQC/slice/sliceStatistics/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id  xdat_meta_element366		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/scans/scan/sliceQC/slice/sliceStatistics/meta/xft_version                     xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data367		xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:qcAssessmentData/scans/scan/sliceQC/slice/sliceStatistics/meta/last_modified                   xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data368		xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:qcAssessmentData/scans/scan/sliceQC/slice/sliceStatistics/meta/status                          xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data369		xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data.status
xnat:qcAssessmentData/scans/scan/sliceQC/slice/sliceStatistics/meta/activation_date                 xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data370		xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:qcAssessmentData/scans/scan/sliceQC/slice/sliceStatistics/meta/row_last_modified               xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data371		xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:qcAssessmentData/scans/scan/sliceQC/slice/sliceStatistics/meta/insert_date                     xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data372		xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:qcAssessmentData/scans/scan/sliceQC/slice/sliceStatistics/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id    xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data373		xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/scans/scan/sliceQC/slice/sliceStatistics/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id        xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data374		xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/scans/scan/sliceQC/slice/sliceStatistics/meta/origin                          xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data375		xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data.origin
xnat:qcAssessmentData/scans/scan/sliceQC/slice/sliceStatistics/meta/modified                        xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data376		xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data.modified
xnat:qcAssessmentData/scans/scan/sliceQC/slice/sliceStatistics/meta/shareable                       xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data377		xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data.shareable
xnat:qcAssessmentData/scans/scan/sliceQC/slice/sliceStatistics/meta/meta_data_id                    xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data378		xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/scans/scan/sliceQC/slice/meta/xft_version                                     xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice_meta_data379		xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:qcAssessmentData/scans/scan/sliceQC/slice/meta/last_modified                                   xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice_meta_data380		xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:qcAssessmentData/scans/scan/sliceQC/slice/meta/status                                          xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice_meta_data381		xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice_meta_data.status
xnat:qcAssessmentData/scans/scan/sliceQC/slice/meta/activation_date                                 xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice_meta_data382		xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:qcAssessmentData/scans/scan/sliceQC/slice/meta/row_last_modified                               xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice_meta_data383		xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:qcAssessmentData/scans/scan/sliceQC/slice/meta/insert_date                                     xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice_meta_data384		xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:qcAssessmentData/scans/scan/sliceQC/slice/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                    xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice_meta_data385		xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/scans/scan/sliceQC/slice/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                        xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice_meta_data386		xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/scans/scan/sliceQC/slice/meta/origin                                          xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice_meta_data387		xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice_meta_data.origin
xnat:qcAssessmentData/scans/scan/sliceQC/slice/meta/modified                                        xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice_meta_data388		xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice_meta_data.modified
xnat:qcAssessmentData/scans/scan/sliceQC/slice/meta/shareable                                       xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice_meta_data389		xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice_meta_data.shareable
xnat:qcAssessmentData/scans/scan/sliceQC/slice/meta/meta_data_id                                    xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice_meta_data390		xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/scans/scan/scanStatistics/extension                                           xnat_abstractStatistics391		xnat_abstractStatistics.extension
xnat:qcAssessmentData/scans/scan/scanStatistics/abstractstatistics_info                             xnat_abstractStatistics392		xnat_abstractStatistics.abstractstatistics_info
xnat:qcAssessmentData/scans/scan/scanStatistics/xnat_abstractStatistics_id                          xnat_abstractStatistics393		xnat_abstractStatistics.xnat_abstractstatistics_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/scans/scan/scanStatistics/extension_item/element_name                         xdat_meta_element394		xdat_meta_element.element_name
xnat:qcAssessmentData/scans/scan/scanStatistics/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id                 xdat_meta_element395		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/scans/scan/scanStatistics/meta/xft_version                                    xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data396		xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:qcAssessmentData/scans/scan/scanStatistics/meta/last_modified                                  xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data397		xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:qcAssessmentData/scans/scan/scanStatistics/meta/status                                         xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data398		xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data.status
xnat:qcAssessmentData/scans/scan/scanStatistics/meta/activation_date                                xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data399		xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:qcAssessmentData/scans/scan/scanStatistics/meta/row_last_modified                              xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data400		xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:qcAssessmentData/scans/scan/scanStatistics/meta/insert_date                                    xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data401		xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:qcAssessmentData/scans/scan/scanStatistics/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                   xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data402		xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/scans/scan/scanStatistics/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                       xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data403		xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/scans/scan/scanStatistics/meta/origin                                         xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data404		xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data.origin
xnat:qcAssessmentData/scans/scan/scanStatistics/meta/modified                                       xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data405		xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data.modified
xnat:qcAssessmentData/scans/scan/scanStatistics/meta/shareable                                      xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data406		xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data.shareable
xnat:qcAssessmentData/scans/scan/scanStatistics/meta/meta_data_id                                   xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data407		xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/scans/scan/meta/xft_version                                                   xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_meta_data408		xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:qcAssessmentData/scans/scan/meta/last_modified                                                 xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_meta_data409		xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:qcAssessmentData/scans/scan/meta/status                                                        xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_meta_data410		xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_meta_data.status
xnat:qcAssessmentData/scans/scan/meta/activation_date                                               xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_meta_data411		xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:qcAssessmentData/scans/scan/meta/row_last_modified                                             xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_meta_data412		xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:qcAssessmentData/scans/scan/meta/insert_date                                                   xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_meta_data413		xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:qcAssessmentData/scans/scan/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                                  xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_meta_data414		xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/scans/scan/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                                      xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_meta_data415		xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/scans/scan/meta/origin                                                        xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_meta_data416		xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_meta_data.origin
xnat:qcAssessmentData/scans/scan/meta/modified                                                      xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_meta_data417		xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_meta_data.modified
xnat:qcAssessmentData/scans/scan/meta/shareable                                                     xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_meta_data418		xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_meta_data.shareable
xnat:qcAssessmentData/scans/scan/meta/meta_data_id                                                  xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_meta_data419		xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/meta/xft_version                                                              xnat_qcAssessmentData_meta_data420		xnat_qcAssessmentData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:qcAssessmentData/meta/last_modified                                                            xnat_qcAssessmentData_meta_data421		xnat_qcAssessmentData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:qcAssessmentData/meta/status                                                                   xnat_qcAssessmentData_meta_data422		xnat_qcAssessmentData_meta_data.status
xnat:qcAssessmentData/meta/activation_date                                                          xnat_qcAssessmentData_meta_data423		xnat_qcAssessmentData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:qcAssessmentData/meta/row_last_modified                                                        xnat_qcAssessmentData_meta_data424		xnat_qcAssessmentData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:qcAssessmentData/meta/insert_date                                                              xnat_qcAssessmentData_meta_data425		xnat_qcAssessmentData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:qcAssessmentData/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                                             xnat_qcAssessmentData_meta_data426		xnat_qcAssessmentData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                                                 xnat_qcAssessmentData_meta_data427		xnat_qcAssessmentData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData/meta/origin                                                                   xnat_qcAssessmentData_meta_data428		xnat_qcAssessmentData_meta_data.origin
xnat:qcAssessmentData/meta/modified                                                                 xnat_qcAssessmentData_meta_data429		xnat_qcAssessmentData_meta_data.modified
xnat:qcAssessmentData/meta/shareable                                                                xnat_qcAssessmentData_meta_data430		xnat_qcAssessmentData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:qcAssessmentData/meta/meta_data_id                                                             xnat_qcAssessmentData_meta_data431		xnat_qcAssessmentData_meta_data.meta_data_id
