

*********************************************

ac_s_xnat_a_ybocsData_r
(ACTIVE - MULTIPLE - ROOT)

xnat_a:ybocsData/id                                                                                 xnat_a_ybocsData0		xnat_experimentData.id
xnat_a:ybocsData/currentOrWorstEver                                                                 xnat_a_ybocsData1		xnat_a_ybocsData.currentorworstever
xnat_a:ybocsData/timeOccupiedWithThoughts                                                           xnat_a_ybocsData2		xnat_a_ybocsData.timeoccupiedwiththoughts
xnat_a:ybocsData/thoughtsInterfereFunctioning                                                       xnat_a_ybocsData3		xnat_a_ybocsData.thoughtsinterferefunctioning
xnat_a:ybocsData/distressCaused                                                                     xnat_a_ybocsData4		xnat_a_ybocsData.distresscaused
xnat_a:ybocsData/effortToResistThoughts                                                             xnat_a_ybocsData5		xnat_a_ybocsData.efforttoresistthoughts
xnat_a:ybocsData/controlOverThoughts                                                                xnat_a_ybocsData6		xnat_a_ybocsData.controloverthoughts
xnat_a:ybocsData/timePerforming                                                                     xnat_a_ybocsData7		xnat_a_ybocsData.timeperforming
xnat_a:ybocsData/behaviorsInterfereFunctioning                                                      xnat_a_ybocsData8		xnat_a_ybocsData.behaviorsinterferefunctioning
xnat_a:ybocsData/feelingIfPrevented                                                                 xnat_a_ybocsData9		xnat_a_ybocsData.feelingifprevented
xnat_a:ybocsData/effortToResistBehaviors                                                            xnat_a_ybocsData10		xnat_a_ybocsData.efforttoresistbehaviors
xnat_a:ybocsData/behaviorDriveStrength                                                              xnat_a_ybocsData11		xnat_a_ybocsData.behaviordrivestrength
xnat_a:ybocsData/untilJustRight                                                                     xnat_a_ybocsData12		xnat_a_ybocsData.untiljustright
xnat_a:ybocsData/untilJustRightAwareness                                                            xnat_a_ybocsData13		xnat_a_ybocsData.untiljustrightawareness
xnat_a:ybocsData/untilJustRightPerceptions                                                          xnat_a_ybocsData14		xnat_a_ybocsData.untiljustrightperceptions
xnat_a:ybocsData/whenStartUntilJustRight                                                            xnat_a_ybocsData15		xnat_a_ybocsData.whenstartuntiljustright
xnat_a:ybocsData/frequencyUntilJustRight                                                            xnat_a_ybocsData16		xnat_a_ybocsData.frequencyuntiljustright
xnat_a:ybocsData/firstUntilJustRightAge                                                             xnat_a_ybocsData17		xnat_a_ybocsData.firstuntiljustrightage
xnat_a:ybocsData/ybocsdata_info                                                                     xnat_a_ybocsData18		xnat_a_ybocsData.ybocsdata_info
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/id                                                             xnat_subjectAssessorData19		xnat_experimentData.id
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/subject_ID                                                     xnat_subjectAssessorData20		xnat_subjectAssessorData.subject_id
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/age                                                            xnat_subjectAssessorData21		xnat_subjectAssessorData.age
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/subjectassessordata_info                                       xnat_subjectAssessorData22		xnat_subjectAssessorData.subjectassessordata_info
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/date                                            xnat_experimentData23		xnat_experimentData.date
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/time                                            xnat_experimentData24		xnat_experimentData.time
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/duration                                        xnat_experimentData25		xnat_experimentData.duration
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/delay                                           xnat_experimentData26		xnat_experimentData.delay
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/delay/ref_expt_id                               xnat_experimentData27		xnat_experimentData.delay_ref_expt_id
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/note                                            xnat_experimentData28		xnat_experimentData.note
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator_xnat_investigatordata_id           xnat_experimentData29		xnat_experimentData.investigator_xnat_investigatordata_id
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation_xnat_validationdata_id               xnat_experimentData30		xnat_experimentData.validation_xnat_validationdata_id
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/acquisition_site                                xnat_experimentData31		xnat_experimentData.acquisition_site
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/ID                                              xnat_experimentData32		xnat_experimentData.id
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/project                                         xnat_experimentData33		xnat_experimentData.project
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/visit_id                                        xnat_experimentData34		xnat_experimentData.visit_id
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/visit                                           xnat_experimentData35		xnat_experimentData.visit
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/version                                         xnat_experimentData36		xnat_experimentData.version
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/original                                        xnat_experimentData37		xnat_experimentData.original
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/protocol                                        xnat_experimentData38		xnat_experimentData.protocol
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/label                                           xnat_experimentData39		xnat_experimentData.label
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/extension                                       xnat_experimentData40		xnat_experimentData.extension
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/experimentdata_info                             xnat_experimentData41		xnat_experimentData.experimentdata_info
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/share                             xnat_experimentData_share42		xnat_experimentData_share.share
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/label                             xnat_experimentData_share43		xnat_experimentData_share.label
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/project                           xnat_experimentData_share44		xnat_experimentData_share.project
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/visit                             xnat_experimentData_share45		xnat_experimentData_share.visit
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/protocol                          xnat_experimentData_share46		xnat_experimentData_share.protocol
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/experimentdata_share_info         xnat_experimentData_share47		xnat_experimentData_share.experimentdata_share_info
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/xnat_experimentData_share_id      xnat_experimentData_share48		xnat_experimentData_share.xnat_experimentdata_share_id
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/sharing_share_xnat_experimentda_id	xnat_experimentData_share49		xnat_experimentData_share.sharing_share_xnat_experimentda_id
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/xft_version                  xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data50		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.xft_version
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/last_modified                xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data51		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.last_modified
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/status                       xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data52		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.status
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/activation_date              xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data53		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.activation_date
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/row_last_modified            xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data54		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/insert_date                  xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data55		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.insert_date
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data56		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id     xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data57		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/origin                       xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data58		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.origin
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/modified                     xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data59		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.modified
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/shareable                    xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data60		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.shareable
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/meta_data_id                 xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data61		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/title                              xnat_investigatorData62		xnat_investigatorData.title
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/firstname                          xnat_investigatorData63		xnat_investigatorData.firstname
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/lastname                           xnat_investigatorData64		xnat_investigatorData.lastname
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/institution                        xnat_investigatorData65		xnat_investigatorData.institution
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/department                         xnat_investigatorData66		xnat_investigatorData.department
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/email                              xnat_investigatorData67		xnat_investigatorData.email
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/phone                              xnat_investigatorData68		xnat_investigatorData.phone
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/ID                                 xnat_investigatorData69		xnat_investigatorData.id
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/investigatordata_info              xnat_investigatorData70		xnat_investigatorData.investigatordata_info
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/xnat_investigatorData_id           xnat_investigatorData71		xnat_investigatorData.xnat_investigatordata_id
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/xft_version                   xnat_investigatorData_meta_data72		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/last_modified                 xnat_investigatorData_meta_data73		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/status                        xnat_investigatorData_meta_data74		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.status
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/activation_date               xnat_investigatorData_meta_data75		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/row_last_modified             xnat_investigatorData_meta_data76		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/insert_date                   xnat_investigatorData_meta_data77		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id  xnat_investigatorData_meta_data78		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id      xnat_investigatorData_meta_data79		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/origin                        xnat_investigatorData_meta_data80		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.origin
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/modified                      xnat_investigatorData_meta_data81		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.modified
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/shareable                     xnat_investigatorData_meta_data82		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.shareable
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/meta_data_id                  xnat_investigatorData_meta_data83		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/method                               xnat_validationData84		xnat_validationData.method
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/date                                 xnat_validationData85		xnat_validationData.date
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/notes                                xnat_validationData86		xnat_validationData.notes
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/validated_by                         xnat_validationData87		xnat_validationData.validated_by
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/status                               xnat_validationData88		xnat_validationData.status
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/validationdata_info                  xnat_validationData89		xnat_validationData.validationdata_info
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/xnat_validationData_id               xnat_validationData90		xnat_validationData.xnat_validationdata_id
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/xft_version                     xnat_validationData_meta_data91		xnat_validationData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/last_modified                   xnat_validationData_meta_data92		xnat_validationData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/status                          xnat_validationData_meta_data93		xnat_validationData_meta_data.status
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/activation_date                 xnat_validationData_meta_data94		xnat_validationData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/row_last_modified               xnat_validationData_meta_data95		xnat_validationData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/insert_date                     xnat_validationData_meta_data96		xnat_validationData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id    xnat_validationData_meta_data97		xnat_validationData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id        xnat_validationData_meta_data98		xnat_validationData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/origin                          xnat_validationData_meta_data99		xnat_validationData_meta_data.origin
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/modified                        xnat_validationData_meta_data100		xnat_validationData_meta_data.modified
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/shareable                       xnat_validationData_meta_data101		xnat_validationData_meta_data.shareable
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/meta_data_id                    xnat_validationData_meta_data102		xnat_validationData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/note                         xnat_abstractResource103		xnat_abstractResource.note
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/label                        xnat_abstractResource104		xnat_abstractResource.label
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/file_count                   xnat_abstractResource105		xnat_abstractResource.file_count
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/file_size                    xnat_abstractResource106		xnat_abstractResource.file_size
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/extension                    xnat_abstractResource107		xnat_abstractResource.extension
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/abstractresource_info        xnat_abstractResource108		xnat_abstractResource.abstractresource_info
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/xnat_abstractResource_id     xnat_abstractResource109		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id	xnat_abstractResource110		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/tag                 xnat_abstractResource_tag111		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tag
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/name                xnat_abstractResource_tag112		xnat_abstractResource_tag.name
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/abstractresource_tag_info	xnat_abstractResource_tag113		xnat_abstractResource_tag.abstractresource_tag_info
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/xnat_abstractResource_tag_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag114		xnat_abstractResource_tag.xnat_abstractresource_tag_id
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag115		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/xft_version    xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data116		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.xft_version
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/last_modified  xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data117		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.last_modified
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/status         xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data118		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.status
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/activation_date	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data119		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_date
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data120		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/insert_date    xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data121		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_date
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data122		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data123		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/origin         xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data124		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.origin
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/modified       xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data125		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.modified
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/shareable      xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data126		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.shareable
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/meta_data_id   xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data127		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/extension_item/element_name  xdat_meta_element128		xdat_meta_element.element_name
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id	xdat_meta_element129		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/xft_version             xnat_abstractResource_meta_data130		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.xft_version
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/last_modified           xnat_abstractResource_meta_data131		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.last_modified
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/status                  xnat_abstractResource_meta_data132		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.status
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/activation_date         xnat_abstractResource_meta_data133		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_date
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/row_last_modified       xnat_abstractResource_meta_data134		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/insert_date             xnat_abstractResource_meta_data135		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_date
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data136		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data137		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/origin                  xnat_abstractResource_meta_data138		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.origin
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/modified                xnat_abstractResource_meta_data139		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.modified
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/shareable               xnat_abstractResource_meta_data140		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.shareable
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/meta_data_id            xnat_abstractResource_meta_data141		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/field                              xnat_experimentData_field142		xnat_experimentData_field.field
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/name                               xnat_experimentData_field143		xnat_experimentData_field.name
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/experimentdata_field_info          xnat_experimentData_field144		xnat_experimentData_field.experimentdata_field_info
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/xnat_experimentData_field_id       xnat_experimentData_field145		xnat_experimentData_field.xnat_experimentdata_field_id
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/fields_field_xnat_experimentdat_id xnat_experimentData_field146		xnat_experimentData_field.fields_field_xnat_experimentdat_id
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/xft_version                   xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data147		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.xft_version
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/last_modified                 xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data148		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.last_modified
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/status                        xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data149		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.status
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/activation_date               xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data150		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.activation_date
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/row_last_modified             xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data151		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/insert_date                   xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data152		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.insert_date
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id  xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data153		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id      xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data154		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/origin                        xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data155		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.origin
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/modified                      xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data156		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.modified
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/shareable                     xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data157		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.shareable
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/meta_data_id                  xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data158		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/extension_item/element_name                     xdat_meta_element159		xdat_meta_element.element_name
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id             xdat_meta_element160		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/xft_version                                xnat_experimentData_meta_data161		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/last_modified                              xnat_experimentData_meta_data162		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/status                                     xnat_experimentData_meta_data163		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.status
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/activation_date                            xnat_experimentData_meta_data164		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/row_last_modified                          xnat_experimentData_meta_data165		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/insert_date                                xnat_experimentData_meta_data166		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id               xnat_experimentData_meta_data167		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                   xnat_experimentData_meta_data168		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/origin                                     xnat_experimentData_meta_data169		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.origin
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/modified                                   xnat_experimentData_meta_data170		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.modified
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/shareable                                  xnat_experimentData_meta_data171		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.shareable
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/meta_data_id                               xnat_experimentData_meta_data172		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/meta/xft_version                                               xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data173		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/meta/last_modified                                             xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data174		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/meta/status                                                    xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data175		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.status
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/meta/activation_date                                           xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data176		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/meta/row_last_modified                                         xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data177		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/meta/insert_date                                               xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data178		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                              xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data179		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                                  xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data180		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/meta/origin                                                    xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data181		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.origin
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/meta/modified                                                  xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data182		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.modified
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/meta/shareable                                                 xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data183		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.shareable
xnat_a:ybocsData/subjectAssessorData/meta/meta_data_id                                              xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data184		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat_a:ybocsData/meta/xft_version                                                                   xnat_a_ybocsData_meta_data185		xnat_a_ybocsData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat_a:ybocsData/meta/last_modified                                                                 xnat_a_ybocsData_meta_data186		xnat_a_ybocsData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat_a:ybocsData/meta/status                                                                        xnat_a_ybocsData_meta_data187		xnat_a_ybocsData_meta_data.status
xnat_a:ybocsData/meta/activation_date                                                               xnat_a_ybocsData_meta_data188		xnat_a_ybocsData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat_a:ybocsData/meta/row_last_modified                                                             xnat_a_ybocsData_meta_data189		xnat_a_ybocsData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat_a:ybocsData/meta/insert_date                                                                   xnat_a_ybocsData_meta_data190		xnat_a_ybocsData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat_a:ybocsData/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                                                  xnat_a_ybocsData_meta_data191		xnat_a_ybocsData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat_a:ybocsData/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                                                      xnat_a_ybocsData_meta_data192		xnat_a_ybocsData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat_a:ybocsData/meta/origin                                                                        xnat_a_ybocsData_meta_data193		xnat_a_ybocsData_meta_data.origin
xnat_a:ybocsData/meta/modified                                                                      xnat_a_ybocsData_meta_data194		xnat_a_ybocsData_meta_data.modified
xnat_a:ybocsData/meta/shareable                                                                     xnat_a_ybocsData_meta_data195		xnat_a_ybocsData_meta_data.shareable
xnat_a:ybocsData/meta/meta_data_id                                                                  xnat_a_ybocsData_meta_data196		xnat_a_ybocsData_meta_data.meta_data_id
