

*********************************************

ac_s_xnat_pVisitData_r
(ACTIVE - MULTIPLE - ROOT)

xnat:pVisitData/id                                                                                  xnat_pVisitData0		xnat_experimentData.id
xnat:pVisitData/subject_ID                                                                          xnat_pVisitData1		xnat_pVisitData.subject_id
xnat:pVisitData/visit_type                                                                          xnat_pVisitData2		xnat_pVisitData.visit_type
xnat:pVisitData/visit_name                                                                          xnat_pVisitData3		xnat_pVisitData.visit_name
xnat:pVisitData/notes                                                                               xnat_pVisitData4		xnat_pVisitData.notes
xnat:pVisitData/start_date                                                                          xnat_pVisitData5		xnat_pVisitData.start_date
xnat:pVisitData/end_date                                                                            xnat_pVisitData6		xnat_pVisitData.end_date
xnat:pVisitData/closed                                                                              xnat_pVisitData7		xnat_pVisitData.closed
xnat:pVisitData/terminal                                                                            xnat_pVisitData8		xnat_pVisitData.terminal
xnat:pVisitData/status                                                                              xnat_pVisitData9		xnat_pVisitData.status
xnat:pVisitData/protocolVersion                                                                     xnat_pVisitData10		xnat_pVisitData.protocolversion
xnat:pVisitData/protocolId                                                                          xnat_pVisitData11		xnat_pVisitData.protocolid
xnat:pVisitData/pvisitdata_info                                                                     xnat_pVisitData12		xnat_pVisitData.pvisitdata_info
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/id                                                                      xnat_genericData13		xnat_experimentData.id
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/genericdata_info                                                        xnat_genericData14		xnat_genericData.genericdata_info
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/date                                                     xnat_experimentData15		xnat_experimentData.date
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/time                                                     xnat_experimentData16		xnat_experimentData.time
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/duration                                                 xnat_experimentData17		xnat_experimentData.duration
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/delay                                                    xnat_experimentData18		xnat_experimentData.delay
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/delay/ref_expt_id                                        xnat_experimentData19		xnat_experimentData.delay_ref_expt_id
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/note                                                     xnat_experimentData20		xnat_experimentData.note
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/investigator_xnat_investigatordata_id                    xnat_experimentData21		xnat_experimentData.investigator_xnat_investigatordata_id
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/validation_xnat_validationdata_id                        xnat_experimentData22		xnat_experimentData.validation_xnat_validationdata_id
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/acquisition_site                                         xnat_experimentData23		xnat_experimentData.acquisition_site
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/ID                                                       xnat_experimentData24		xnat_experimentData.id
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/project                                                  xnat_experimentData25		xnat_experimentData.project
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/visit_id                                                 xnat_experimentData26		xnat_experimentData.visit_id
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/visit                                                    xnat_experimentData27		xnat_experimentData.visit
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/version                                                  xnat_experimentData28		xnat_experimentData.version
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/original                                                 xnat_experimentData29		xnat_experimentData.original
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/protocol                                                 xnat_experimentData30		xnat_experimentData.protocol
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/label                                                    xnat_experimentData31		xnat_experimentData.label
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/extension                                                xnat_experimentData32		xnat_experimentData.extension
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/experimentdata_info                                      xnat_experimentData33		xnat_experimentData.experimentdata_info
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/sharing/share/share                                      xnat_experimentData_share34		xnat_experimentData_share.share
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/sharing/share/label                                      xnat_experimentData_share35		xnat_experimentData_share.label
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/sharing/share/project                                    xnat_experimentData_share36		xnat_experimentData_share.project
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/sharing/share/visit                                      xnat_experimentData_share37		xnat_experimentData_share.visit
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/sharing/share/protocol                                   xnat_experimentData_share38		xnat_experimentData_share.protocol
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/sharing/share/experimentdata_share_info                  xnat_experimentData_share39		xnat_experimentData_share.experimentdata_share_info
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/sharing/share/xnat_experimentData_share_id               xnat_experimentData_share40		xnat_experimentData_share.xnat_experimentdata_share_id
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/sharing/share/sharing_share_xnat_experimentda_id         xnat_experimentData_share41		xnat_experimentData_share.sharing_share_xnat_experimentda_id
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/xft_version                           xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data42		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/last_modified                         xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data43		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/status                                xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data44		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.status
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/activation_date                       xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data45		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/row_last_modified                     xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data46		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/insert_date                           xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data47		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id          xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data48		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id              xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data49		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/origin                                xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data50		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.origin
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/modified                              xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data51		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.modified
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/shareable                             xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data52		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.shareable
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/meta_data_id                          xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data53		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/investigator/title                                       xnat_investigatorData54		xnat_investigatorData.title
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/investigator/firstname                                   xnat_investigatorData55		xnat_investigatorData.firstname
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/investigator/lastname                                    xnat_investigatorData56		xnat_investigatorData.lastname
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/investigator/institution                                 xnat_investigatorData57		xnat_investigatorData.institution
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/investigator/department                                  xnat_investigatorData58		xnat_investigatorData.department
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/investigator/email                                       xnat_investigatorData59		xnat_investigatorData.email
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/investigator/phone                                       xnat_investigatorData60		xnat_investigatorData.phone
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/investigator/ID                                          xnat_investigatorData61		xnat_investigatorData.id
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/investigator/investigatordata_info                       xnat_investigatorData62		xnat_investigatorData.investigatordata_info
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/investigator/xnat_investigatorData_id                    xnat_investigatorData63		xnat_investigatorData.xnat_investigatordata_id
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/investigator/meta/xft_version                            xnat_investigatorData_meta_data64		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/investigator/meta/last_modified                          xnat_investigatorData_meta_data65		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/investigator/meta/status                                 xnat_investigatorData_meta_data66		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.status
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/investigator/meta/activation_date                        xnat_investigatorData_meta_data67		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/investigator/meta/row_last_modified                      xnat_investigatorData_meta_data68		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/investigator/meta/insert_date                            xnat_investigatorData_meta_data69		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/investigator/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id           xnat_investigatorData_meta_data70		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/investigator/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id               xnat_investigatorData_meta_data71		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/investigator/meta/origin                                 xnat_investigatorData_meta_data72		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.origin
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/investigator/meta/modified                               xnat_investigatorData_meta_data73		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.modified
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/investigator/meta/shareable                              xnat_investigatorData_meta_data74		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/investigator/meta/meta_data_id                           xnat_investigatorData_meta_data75		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/validation/method                                        xnat_validationData76		xnat_validationData.method
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/validation/date                                          xnat_validationData77		xnat_validationData.date
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/validation/notes                                         xnat_validationData78		xnat_validationData.notes
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/validation/validated_by                                  xnat_validationData79		xnat_validationData.validated_by
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/validation/status                                        xnat_validationData80		xnat_validationData.status
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/validation/validationdata_info                           xnat_validationData81		xnat_validationData.validationdata_info
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/validation/xnat_validationData_id                        xnat_validationData82		xnat_validationData.xnat_validationdata_id
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/validation/meta/xft_version                              xnat_validationData_meta_data83		xnat_validationData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/validation/meta/last_modified                            xnat_validationData_meta_data84		xnat_validationData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/validation/meta/status                                   xnat_validationData_meta_data85		xnat_validationData_meta_data.status
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/validation/meta/activation_date                          xnat_validationData_meta_data86		xnat_validationData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/validation/meta/row_last_modified                        xnat_validationData_meta_data87		xnat_validationData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/validation/meta/insert_date                              xnat_validationData_meta_data88		xnat_validationData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/validation/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id             xnat_validationData_meta_data89		xnat_validationData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/validation/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                 xnat_validationData_meta_data90		xnat_validationData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/validation/meta/origin                                   xnat_validationData_meta_data91		xnat_validationData_meta_data.origin
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/validation/meta/modified                                 xnat_validationData_meta_data92		xnat_validationData_meta_data.modified
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/validation/meta/shareable                                xnat_validationData_meta_data93		xnat_validationData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/validation/meta/meta_data_id                             xnat_validationData_meta_data94		xnat_validationData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/resources/resource/note                                  xnat_abstractResource95		xnat_abstractResource.note
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/resources/resource/label                                 xnat_abstractResource96		xnat_abstractResource.label
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/resources/resource/file_count                            xnat_abstractResource97		xnat_abstractResource.file_count
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/resources/resource/file_size                             xnat_abstractResource98		xnat_abstractResource.file_size
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/resources/resource/extension                             xnat_abstractResource99		xnat_abstractResource.extension
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/resources/resource/abstractresource_info                 xnat_abstractResource100		xnat_abstractResource.abstractresource_info
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/resources/resource/xnat_abstractResource_id              xnat_abstractResource101		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/resources/resource/xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id	xnat_abstractResource102		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/tag                          xnat_abstractResource_tag103		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tag
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/name                         xnat_abstractResource_tag104		xnat_abstractResource_tag.name
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/abstractresource_tag_info    xnat_abstractResource_tag105		xnat_abstractResource_tag.abstractresource_tag_info
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/xnat_abstractResource_tag_id xnat_abstractResource_tag106		xnat_abstractResource_tag.xnat_abstractresource_tag_id
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag107		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/xft_version             xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data108		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/last_modified           xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data109		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/status                  xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data110		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.status
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/activation_date         xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data111		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/row_last_modified       xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data112		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/insert_date             xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data113		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data114		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data115		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/origin                  xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data116		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.origin
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/modified                xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data117		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.modified
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/shareable               xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data118		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.shareable
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/meta_data_id            xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data119		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/resources/resource/extension_item/element_name           xdat_meta_element120		xdat_meta_element.element_name
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/resources/resource/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id   xdat_meta_element121		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/xft_version                      xnat_abstractResource_meta_data122		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/last_modified                    xnat_abstractResource_meta_data123		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/status                           xnat_abstractResource_meta_data124		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.status
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/activation_date                  xnat_abstractResource_meta_data125		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/row_last_modified                xnat_abstractResource_meta_data126		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/insert_date                      xnat_abstractResource_meta_data127		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id     xnat_abstractResource_meta_data128		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id         xnat_abstractResource_meta_data129		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/origin                           xnat_abstractResource_meta_data130		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.origin
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/modified                         xnat_abstractResource_meta_data131		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.modified
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/shareable                        xnat_abstractResource_meta_data132		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.shareable
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/meta_data_id                     xnat_abstractResource_meta_data133		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/fields/field/field                                       xnat_experimentData_field134		xnat_experimentData_field.field
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/fields/field/name                                        xnat_experimentData_field135		xnat_experimentData_field.name
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/fields/field/experimentdata_field_info                   xnat_experimentData_field136		xnat_experimentData_field.experimentdata_field_info
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/fields/field/xnat_experimentData_field_id                xnat_experimentData_field137		xnat_experimentData_field.xnat_experimentdata_field_id
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/fields/field/fields_field_xnat_experimentdat_id          xnat_experimentData_field138		xnat_experimentData_field.fields_field_xnat_experimentdat_id
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/xft_version                            xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data139		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/last_modified                          xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data140		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/status                                 xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data141		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.status
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/activation_date                        xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data142		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/row_last_modified                      xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data143		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/insert_date                            xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data144		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id           xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data145		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id               xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data146		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/origin                                 xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data147		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.origin
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/modified                               xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data148		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.modified
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/shareable                              xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data149		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.shareable
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/meta_data_id                           xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data150		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/extension_item/element_name                              xdat_meta_element151		xdat_meta_element.element_name
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id                      xdat_meta_element152		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/meta/xft_version                                         xnat_experimentData_meta_data153		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/meta/last_modified                                       xnat_experimentData_meta_data154		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/meta/status                                              xnat_experimentData_meta_data155		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.status
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/meta/activation_date                                     xnat_experimentData_meta_data156		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/meta/row_last_modified                                   xnat_experimentData_meta_data157		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/meta/insert_date                                         xnat_experimentData_meta_data158		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                        xnat_experimentData_meta_data159		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                            xnat_experimentData_meta_data160		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/meta/origin                                              xnat_experimentData_meta_data161		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.origin
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/meta/modified                                            xnat_experimentData_meta_data162		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.modified
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/meta/shareable                                           xnat_experimentData_meta_data163		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/experimentData/meta/meta_data_id                                        xnat_experimentData_meta_data164		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/meta/xft_version                                                        xnat_genericData_meta_data165		xnat_genericData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/meta/last_modified                                                      xnat_genericData_meta_data166		xnat_genericData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/meta/status                                                             xnat_genericData_meta_data167		xnat_genericData_meta_data.status
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/meta/activation_date                                                    xnat_genericData_meta_data168		xnat_genericData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/meta/row_last_modified                                                  xnat_genericData_meta_data169		xnat_genericData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/meta/insert_date                                                        xnat_genericData_meta_data170		xnat_genericData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                                       xnat_genericData_meta_data171		xnat_genericData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                                           xnat_genericData_meta_data172		xnat_genericData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/meta/origin                                                             xnat_genericData_meta_data173		xnat_genericData_meta_data.origin
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/meta/modified                                                           xnat_genericData_meta_data174		xnat_genericData_meta_data.modified
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/meta/shareable                                                          xnat_genericData_meta_data175		xnat_genericData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:pVisitData/genericData/meta/meta_data_id                                                       xnat_genericData_meta_data176		xnat_genericData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:pVisitData/meta/xft_version                                                                    xnat_pVisitData_meta_data177		xnat_pVisitData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:pVisitData/meta/last_modified                                                                  xnat_pVisitData_meta_data178		xnat_pVisitData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:pVisitData/meta/status                                                                         xnat_pVisitData_meta_data179		xnat_pVisitData_meta_data.status
xnat:pVisitData/meta/activation_date                                                                xnat_pVisitData_meta_data180		xnat_pVisitData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:pVisitData/meta/row_last_modified                                                              xnat_pVisitData_meta_data181		xnat_pVisitData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:pVisitData/meta/insert_date                                                                    xnat_pVisitData_meta_data182		xnat_pVisitData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:pVisitData/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                                                   xnat_pVisitData_meta_data183		xnat_pVisitData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:pVisitData/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                                                       xnat_pVisitData_meta_data184		xnat_pVisitData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:pVisitData/meta/origin                                                                         xnat_pVisitData_meta_data185		xnat_pVisitData_meta_data.origin
xnat:pVisitData/meta/modified                                                                       xnat_pVisitData_meta_data186		xnat_pVisitData_meta_data.modified
xnat:pVisitData/meta/shareable                                                                      xnat_pVisitData_meta_data187		xnat_pVisitData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:pVisitData/meta/meta_data_id                                                                   xnat_pVisitData_meta_data188		xnat_pVisitData_meta_data.meta_data_id
