

*********************************************

ac_s_xnat_subjectMetadata_r
(ACTIVE - MULTIPLE - ROOT)

xnat:subjectMetadata/xnat_abstractsubjectmetadata_id                                                xnat_subjectMetadata0		xnat_abstractSubjectMetadata.xnat_abstractsubjectmetadata_id
xnat:subjectMetadata/cohort                                                                         xnat_subjectMetadata1		xnat_subjectMetadata.cohort
xnat:subjectMetadata/subjectmetadata_info                                                           xnat_subjectMetadata2		xnat_subjectMetadata.subjectmetadata_info
xnat:subjectMetadata/abstractSubjectMetadata/extension                                              xnat_abstractSubjectMetadata3		xnat_abstractSubjectMetadata.extension
xnat:subjectMetadata/abstractSubjectMetadata/abstractsubjectmetadata_info                           xnat_abstractSubjectMetadata4		xnat_abstractSubjectMetadata.abstractsubjectmetadata_info
xnat:subjectMetadata/abstractSubjectMetadata/xnat_abstractSubjectMetadata_id                        xnat_abstractSubjectMetadata5		xnat_abstractSubjectMetadata.xnat_abstractsubjectmetadata_id
xnat:subjectMetadata/abstractSubjectMetadata/extension_item/element_name                            xdat_meta_element6		xdat_meta_element.element_name
xnat:subjectMetadata/abstractSubjectMetadata/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id                    xdat_meta_element7		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
xnat:subjectMetadata/abstractSubjectMetadata/meta/xft_version                                       xnat_abstractSubjectMetadata_meta_data8		xnat_abstractSubjectMetadata_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:subjectMetadata/abstractSubjectMetadata/meta/last_modified                                     xnat_abstractSubjectMetadata_meta_data9		xnat_abstractSubjectMetadata_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:subjectMetadata/abstractSubjectMetadata/meta/status                                            xnat_abstractSubjectMetadata_meta_data10		xnat_abstractSubjectMetadata_meta_data.status
xnat:subjectMetadata/abstractSubjectMetadata/meta/activation_date                                   xnat_abstractSubjectMetadata_meta_data11		xnat_abstractSubjectMetadata_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:subjectMetadata/abstractSubjectMetadata/meta/row_last_modified                                 xnat_abstractSubjectMetadata_meta_data12		xnat_abstractSubjectMetadata_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:subjectMetadata/abstractSubjectMetadata/meta/insert_date                                       xnat_abstractSubjectMetadata_meta_data13		xnat_abstractSubjectMetadata_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:subjectMetadata/abstractSubjectMetadata/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                      xnat_abstractSubjectMetadata_meta_data14		xnat_abstractSubjectMetadata_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:subjectMetadata/abstractSubjectMetadata/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                          xnat_abstractSubjectMetadata_meta_data15		xnat_abstractSubjectMetadata_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:subjectMetadata/abstractSubjectMetadata/meta/origin                                            xnat_abstractSubjectMetadata_meta_data16		xnat_abstractSubjectMetadata_meta_data.origin
xnat:subjectMetadata/abstractSubjectMetadata/meta/modified                                          xnat_abstractSubjectMetadata_meta_data17		xnat_abstractSubjectMetadata_meta_data.modified
xnat:subjectMetadata/abstractSubjectMetadata/meta/shareable                                         xnat_abstractSubjectMetadata_meta_data18		xnat_abstractSubjectMetadata_meta_data.shareable
xnat:subjectMetadata/abstractSubjectMetadata/meta/meta_data_id                                      xnat_abstractSubjectMetadata_meta_data19		xnat_abstractSubjectMetadata_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:subjectMetadata/meta/xft_version                                                               xnat_subjectMetadata_meta_data20		xnat_subjectMetadata_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:subjectMetadata/meta/last_modified                                                             xnat_subjectMetadata_meta_data21		xnat_subjectMetadata_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:subjectMetadata/meta/status                                                                    xnat_subjectMetadata_meta_data22		xnat_subjectMetadata_meta_data.status
xnat:subjectMetadata/meta/activation_date                                                           xnat_subjectMetadata_meta_data23		xnat_subjectMetadata_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:subjectMetadata/meta/row_last_modified                                                         xnat_subjectMetadata_meta_data24		xnat_subjectMetadata_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:subjectMetadata/meta/insert_date                                                               xnat_subjectMetadata_meta_data25		xnat_subjectMetadata_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:subjectMetadata/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                                              xnat_subjectMetadata_meta_data26		xnat_subjectMetadata_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:subjectMetadata/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                                                  xnat_subjectMetadata_meta_data27		xnat_subjectMetadata_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:subjectMetadata/meta/origin                                                                    xnat_subjectMetadata_meta_data28		xnat_subjectMetadata_meta_data.origin
xnat:subjectMetadata/meta/modified                                                                  xnat_subjectMetadata_meta_data29		xnat_subjectMetadata_meta_data.modified
xnat:subjectMetadata/meta/shareable                                                                 xnat_subjectMetadata_meta_data30		xnat_subjectMetadata_meta_data.shareable
xnat:subjectMetadata/meta/meta_data_id                                                              xnat_subjectMetadata_meta_data31		xnat_subjectMetadata_meta_data.meta_data_id
