

*********************************************

ac_s_xnat_projectData_r
(ACTIVE - MULTIPLE - ROOT)

xnat:projectData/name                                                                               xnat_projectData0		xnat_projectData.name
xnat:projectData/description                                                                        xnat_projectData1		xnat_projectData.description
xnat:projectData/keywords                                                                           xnat_projectData2		xnat_projectData.keywords
xnat:projectData/pi_xnat_investigatordata_id                                                        xnat_projectData3		xnat_projectData.pi_xnat_investigatordata_id
xnat:projectData/ID                                                                                 xnat_projectData4		xnat_projectData.id
xnat:projectData/secondary_ID                                                                       xnat_projectData5		xnat_projectData.secondary_id
xnat:projectData/projectdata_info                                                                   xnat_projectData6		xnat_projectData.projectdata_info
xnat:projectData/aliases/alias/alias                                                                xnat_projectData_alias7		xnat_projectData_alias.alias
xnat:projectData/aliases/alias/source                                                               xnat_projectData_alias8		xnat_projectData_alias.source
xnat:projectData/aliases/alias/projectdata_alias_info                                               xnat_projectData_alias9		xnat_projectData_alias.projectdata_alias_info
xnat:projectData/aliases/alias/xnat_projectData_alias_id                                            xnat_projectData_alias10		xnat_projectData_alias.xnat_projectdata_alias_id
xnat:projectData/aliases/alias/aliases_alias_xnat_projectdata_id                                    xnat_projectData_alias11		xnat_projectData_alias.aliases_alias_xnat_projectdata_id
xnat:projectData/aliases/alias/meta/xft_version                                                     xnat_projectData_alias_meta_data12		xnat_projectData_alias_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:projectData/aliases/alias/meta/last_modified                                                   xnat_projectData_alias_meta_data13		xnat_projectData_alias_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:projectData/aliases/alias/meta/status                                                          xnat_projectData_alias_meta_data14		xnat_projectData_alias_meta_data.status
xnat:projectData/aliases/alias/meta/activation_date                                                 xnat_projectData_alias_meta_data15		xnat_projectData_alias_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:projectData/aliases/alias/meta/row_last_modified                                               xnat_projectData_alias_meta_data16		xnat_projectData_alias_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:projectData/aliases/alias/meta/insert_date                                                     xnat_projectData_alias_meta_data17		xnat_projectData_alias_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:projectData/aliases/alias/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                                    xnat_projectData_alias_meta_data18		xnat_projectData_alias_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:projectData/aliases/alias/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                                        xnat_projectData_alias_meta_data19		xnat_projectData_alias_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:projectData/aliases/alias/meta/origin                                                          xnat_projectData_alias_meta_data20		xnat_projectData_alias_meta_data.origin
xnat:projectData/aliases/alias/meta/modified                                                        xnat_projectData_alias_meta_data21		xnat_projectData_alias_meta_data.modified
xnat:projectData/aliases/alias/meta/shareable                                                       xnat_projectData_alias_meta_data22		xnat_projectData_alias_meta_data.shareable
xnat:projectData/aliases/alias/meta/meta_data_id                                                    xnat_projectData_alias_meta_data23		xnat_projectData_alias_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:projectData/publications/publication/xnat_abstractresource_id                                  xnat_publicationResource24		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:projectData/publications/publication/title                                                     xnat_publicationResource25		xnat_publicationResource.title
xnat:projectData/publications/publication/citation                                                  xnat_publicationResource26		xnat_publicationResource.citation
xnat:projectData/publications/publication/abstract                                                  xnat_publicationResource27		xnat_publicationResource.abstract
xnat:projectData/publications/publication/commentary                                                xnat_publicationResource28		xnat_publicationResource.commentary
xnat:projectData/publications/publication/isPrimary                                                 xnat_publicationResource29		xnat_publicationResource.isprimary
xnat:projectData/publications/publication/doi                                                       xnat_publicationResource30		xnat_publicationResource.doi
xnat:projectData/publications/publication/pubmed                                                    xnat_publicationResource31		xnat_publicationResource.pubmed
xnat:projectData/publications/publication/medline                                                   xnat_publicationResource32		xnat_publicationResource.medline
xnat:projectData/publications/publication/uri                                                       xnat_publicationResource33		xnat_publicationResource.uri
xnat:projectData/publications/publication/other                                                     xnat_publicationResource34		xnat_publicationResource.other
xnat:projectData/publications/publication/type                                                      xnat_publicationResource35		xnat_publicationResource.type
xnat:projectData/publications/publication/publicationresource_info                                  xnat_publicationResource36		xnat_publicationResource.publicationresource_info
xnat:projectData/publications/publication/publications_publication_xnat_p_id                        xnat_publicationResource37		xnat_publicationResource.publications_publication_xnat_p_id
xnat:projectData/publications/publication/abstractResource/note                                     xnat_abstractResource38		xnat_abstractResource.note
xnat:projectData/publications/publication/abstractResource/label                                    xnat_abstractResource39		xnat_abstractResource.label
xnat:projectData/publications/publication/abstractResource/file_count                               xnat_abstractResource40		xnat_abstractResource.file_count
xnat:projectData/publications/publication/abstractResource/file_size                                xnat_abstractResource41		xnat_abstractResource.file_size
xnat:projectData/publications/publication/abstractResource/extension                                xnat_abstractResource42		xnat_abstractResource.extension
xnat:projectData/publications/publication/abstractResource/abstractresource_info                    xnat_abstractResource43		xnat_abstractResource.abstractresource_info
xnat:projectData/publications/publication/abstractResource/xnat_abstractResource_id                 xnat_abstractResource44		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:projectData/publications/publication/abstractResource/xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id xnat_abstractResource45		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id
xnat:projectData/publications/publication/abstractResource/tags/tag/tag                             xnat_abstractResource_tag46		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tag
xnat:projectData/publications/publication/abstractResource/tags/tag/name                            xnat_abstractResource_tag47		xnat_abstractResource_tag.name
xnat:projectData/publications/publication/abstractResource/tags/tag/abstractresource_tag_info       xnat_abstractResource_tag48		xnat_abstractResource_tag.abstractresource_tag_info
xnat:projectData/publications/publication/abstractResource/tags/tag/xnat_abstractResource_tag_id    xnat_abstractResource_tag49		xnat_abstractResource_tag.xnat_abstractresource_tag_id
xnat:projectData/publications/publication/abstractResource/tags/tag/tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag50		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:projectData/publications/publication/abstractResource/tags/tag/meta/xft_version                xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data51		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:projectData/publications/publication/abstractResource/tags/tag/meta/last_modified              xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data52		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:projectData/publications/publication/abstractResource/tags/tag/meta/status                     xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data53		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.status
xnat:projectData/publications/publication/abstractResource/tags/tag/meta/activation_date            xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data54		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:projectData/publications/publication/abstractResource/tags/tag/meta/row_last_modified          xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data55		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:projectData/publications/publication/abstractResource/tags/tag/meta/insert_date                xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data56		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:projectData/publications/publication/abstractResource/tags/tag/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data57		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:projectData/publications/publication/abstractResource/tags/tag/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id   xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data58		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:projectData/publications/publication/abstractResource/tags/tag/meta/origin                     xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data59		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.origin
xnat:projectData/publications/publication/abstractResource/tags/tag/meta/modified                   xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data60		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.modified
xnat:projectData/publications/publication/abstractResource/tags/tag/meta/shareable                  xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data61		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.shareable
xnat:projectData/publications/publication/abstractResource/tags/tag/meta/meta_data_id               xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data62		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:projectData/publications/publication/abstractResource/extension_item/element_name              xdat_meta_element63		xdat_meta_element.element_name
xnat:projectData/publications/publication/abstractResource/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id      xdat_meta_element64		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
xnat:projectData/publications/publication/abstractResource/meta/xft_version                         xnat_abstractResource_meta_data65		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:projectData/publications/publication/abstractResource/meta/last_modified                       xnat_abstractResource_meta_data66		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:projectData/publications/publication/abstractResource/meta/status                              xnat_abstractResource_meta_data67		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.status
xnat:projectData/publications/publication/abstractResource/meta/activation_date                     xnat_abstractResource_meta_data68		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:projectData/publications/publication/abstractResource/meta/row_last_modified                   xnat_abstractResource_meta_data69		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:projectData/publications/publication/abstractResource/meta/insert_date                         xnat_abstractResource_meta_data70		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:projectData/publications/publication/abstractResource/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id        xnat_abstractResource_meta_data71		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:projectData/publications/publication/abstractResource/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id            xnat_abstractResource_meta_data72		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:projectData/publications/publication/abstractResource/meta/origin                              xnat_abstractResource_meta_data73		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.origin
xnat:projectData/publications/publication/abstractResource/meta/modified                            xnat_abstractResource_meta_data74		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.modified
xnat:projectData/publications/publication/abstractResource/meta/shareable                           xnat_abstractResource_meta_data75		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.shareable
xnat:projectData/publications/publication/abstractResource/meta/meta_data_id                        xnat_abstractResource_meta_data76		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:projectData/publications/publication/meta/xft_version                                          xnat_publicationResource_meta_data77		xnat_publicationResource_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:projectData/publications/publication/meta/last_modified                                        xnat_publicationResource_meta_data78		xnat_publicationResource_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:projectData/publications/publication/meta/status                                               xnat_publicationResource_meta_data79		xnat_publicationResource_meta_data.status
xnat:projectData/publications/publication/meta/activation_date                                      xnat_publicationResource_meta_data80		xnat_publicationResource_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:projectData/publications/publication/meta/row_last_modified                                    xnat_publicationResource_meta_data81		xnat_publicationResource_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:projectData/publications/publication/meta/insert_date                                          xnat_publicationResource_meta_data82		xnat_publicationResource_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:projectData/publications/publication/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                         xnat_publicationResource_meta_data83		xnat_publicationResource_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:projectData/publications/publication/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                             xnat_publicationResource_meta_data84		xnat_publicationResource_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:projectData/publications/publication/meta/origin                                               xnat_publicationResource_meta_data85		xnat_publicationResource_meta_data.origin
xnat:projectData/publications/publication/meta/modified                                             xnat_publicationResource_meta_data86		xnat_publicationResource_meta_data.modified
xnat:projectData/publications/publication/meta/shareable                                            xnat_publicationResource_meta_data87		xnat_publicationResource_meta_data.shareable
xnat:projectData/publications/publication/meta/meta_data_id                                         xnat_publicationResource_meta_data88		xnat_publicationResource_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:projectData/resources/resource/note                                                            xnat_abstractResource89		xnat_abstractResource.note
xnat:projectData/resources/resource/label                                                           xnat_abstractResource90		xnat_abstractResource.label
xnat:projectData/resources/resource/file_count                                                      xnat_abstractResource91		xnat_abstractResource.file_count
xnat:projectData/resources/resource/file_size                                                       xnat_abstractResource92		xnat_abstractResource.file_size
xnat:projectData/resources/resource/extension                                                       xnat_abstractResource93		xnat_abstractResource.extension
xnat:projectData/resources/resource/abstractresource_info                                           xnat_abstractResource94		xnat_abstractResource.abstractresource_info
xnat:projectData/resources/resource/xnat_abstractResource_id                                        xnat_abstractResource95		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:projectData/resources/resource/xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id                        xnat_abstractResource96		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id
xnat:projectData/resources/resource/tags/tag/tag                                                    xnat_abstractResource_tag97		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tag
xnat:projectData/resources/resource/tags/tag/name                                                   xnat_abstractResource_tag98		xnat_abstractResource_tag.name
xnat:projectData/resources/resource/tags/tag/abstractresource_tag_info                              xnat_abstractResource_tag99		xnat_abstractResource_tag.abstractresource_tag_info
xnat:projectData/resources/resource/tags/tag/xnat_abstractResource_tag_id                           xnat_abstractResource_tag100		xnat_abstractResource_tag.xnat_abstractresource_tag_id
xnat:projectData/resources/resource/tags/tag/tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag101		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:projectData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/xft_version                                       xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data102		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:projectData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/last_modified                                     xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data103		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:projectData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/status                                            xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data104		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.status
xnat:projectData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/activation_date                                   xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data105		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:projectData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/row_last_modified                                 xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data106		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:projectData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/insert_date                                       xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data107		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:projectData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                      xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data108		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:projectData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                          xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data109		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:projectData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/origin                                            xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data110		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.origin
xnat:projectData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/modified                                          xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data111		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.modified
xnat:projectData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/shareable                                         xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data112		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.shareable
xnat:projectData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/meta_data_id                                      xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data113		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:projectData/resources/resource/extension_item/element_name                                     xdat_meta_element114		xdat_meta_element.element_name
xnat:projectData/resources/resource/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id                             xdat_meta_element115		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
xnat:projectData/resources/resource/meta/xft_version                                                xnat_abstractResource_meta_data116		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:projectData/resources/resource/meta/last_modified                                              xnat_abstractResource_meta_data117		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:projectData/resources/resource/meta/status                                                     xnat_abstractResource_meta_data118		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.status
xnat:projectData/resources/resource/meta/activation_date                                            xnat_abstractResource_meta_data119		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:projectData/resources/resource/meta/row_last_modified                                          xnat_abstractResource_meta_data120		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:projectData/resources/resource/meta/insert_date                                                xnat_abstractResource_meta_data121		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:projectData/resources/resource/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                               xnat_abstractResource_meta_data122		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:projectData/resources/resource/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                                   xnat_abstractResource_meta_data123		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:projectData/resources/resource/meta/origin                                                     xnat_abstractResource_meta_data124		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.origin
xnat:projectData/resources/resource/meta/modified                                                   xnat_abstractResource_meta_data125		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.modified
xnat:projectData/resources/resource/meta/shareable                                                  xnat_abstractResource_meta_data126		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.shareable
xnat:projectData/resources/resource/meta/meta_data_id                                               xnat_abstractResource_meta_data127		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:projectData/studyProtocol/ID                                                                   xnat_abstractProtocol128		xnat_abstractProtocol.id
xnat:projectData/studyProtocol/name                                                                 xnat_abstractProtocol129		xnat_abstractProtocol.name
xnat:projectData/studyProtocol/description                                                          xnat_abstractProtocol130		xnat_abstractProtocol.description
xnat:projectData/studyProtocol/data-type                                                            xnat_abstractProtocol131		xnat_abstractProtocol.data_type
xnat:projectData/studyProtocol/extension                                                            xnat_abstractProtocol132		xnat_abstractProtocol.extension
xnat:projectData/studyProtocol/abstractprotocol_info                                                xnat_abstractProtocol133		xnat_abstractProtocol.abstractprotocol_info
xnat:projectData/studyProtocol/xnat_abstractProtocol_id                                             xnat_abstractProtocol134		xnat_abstractProtocol.xnat_abstractprotocol_id
xnat:projectData/studyProtocol/xnat_projectdata_id                                                  xnat_abstractProtocol135		xnat_abstractProtocol.xnat_projectdata_id
xnat:projectData/studyProtocol/extension_item/element_name                                          xdat_meta_element136		xdat_meta_element.element_name
xnat:projectData/studyProtocol/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id                                  xdat_meta_element137		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
xnat:projectData/studyProtocol/meta/xft_version                                                     xnat_abstractProtocol_meta_data138		xnat_abstractProtocol_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:projectData/studyProtocol/meta/last_modified                                                   xnat_abstractProtocol_meta_data139		xnat_abstractProtocol_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:projectData/studyProtocol/meta/status                                                          xnat_abstractProtocol_meta_data140		xnat_abstractProtocol_meta_data.status
xnat:projectData/studyProtocol/meta/activation_date                                                 xnat_abstractProtocol_meta_data141		xnat_abstractProtocol_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:projectData/studyProtocol/meta/row_last_modified                                               xnat_abstractProtocol_meta_data142		xnat_abstractProtocol_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:projectData/studyProtocol/meta/insert_date                                                     xnat_abstractProtocol_meta_data143		xnat_abstractProtocol_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:projectData/studyProtocol/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                                    xnat_abstractProtocol_meta_data144		xnat_abstractProtocol_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:projectData/studyProtocol/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                                        xnat_abstractProtocol_meta_data145		xnat_abstractProtocol_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:projectData/studyProtocol/meta/origin                                                          xnat_abstractProtocol_meta_data146		xnat_abstractProtocol_meta_data.origin
xnat:projectData/studyProtocol/meta/modified                                                        xnat_abstractProtocol_meta_data147		xnat_abstractProtocol_meta_data.modified
xnat:projectData/studyProtocol/meta/shareable                                                       xnat_abstractProtocol_meta_data148		xnat_abstractProtocol_meta_data.shareable
xnat:projectData/studyProtocol/meta/meta_data_id                                                    xnat_abstractProtocol_meta_data149		xnat_abstractProtocol_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:projectData/PI/title                                                                           xnat_investigatorData150		xnat_investigatorData.title
xnat:projectData/PI/firstname                                                                       xnat_investigatorData151		xnat_investigatorData.firstname
xnat:projectData/PI/lastname                                                                        xnat_investigatorData152		xnat_investigatorData.lastname
xnat:projectData/PI/institution                                                                     xnat_investigatorData153		xnat_investigatorData.institution
xnat:projectData/PI/department                                                                      xnat_investigatorData154		xnat_investigatorData.department
xnat:projectData/PI/email                                                                           xnat_investigatorData155		xnat_investigatorData.email
xnat:projectData/PI/phone                                                                           xnat_investigatorData156		xnat_investigatorData.phone
xnat:projectData/PI/ID                                                                              xnat_investigatorData157		xnat_investigatorData.id
xnat:projectData/PI/investigatordata_info                                                           xnat_investigatorData158		xnat_investigatorData.investigatordata_info
xnat:projectData/PI/xnat_investigatorData_id                                                        xnat_investigatorData159		xnat_investigatorData.xnat_investigatordata_id
xnat:projectData/PI/meta/xft_version                                                                xnat_investigatorData_meta_data160		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:projectData/PI/meta/last_modified                                                              xnat_investigatorData_meta_data161		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:projectData/PI/meta/status                                                                     xnat_investigatorData_meta_data162		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.status
xnat:projectData/PI/meta/activation_date                                                            xnat_investigatorData_meta_data163		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:projectData/PI/meta/row_last_modified                                                          xnat_investigatorData_meta_data164		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:projectData/PI/meta/insert_date                                                                xnat_investigatorData_meta_data165		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:projectData/PI/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                                               xnat_investigatorData_meta_data166		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:projectData/PI/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                                                   xnat_investigatorData_meta_data167		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:projectData/PI/meta/origin                                                                     xnat_investigatorData_meta_data168		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.origin
xnat:projectData/PI/meta/modified                                                                   xnat_investigatorData_meta_data169		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.modified
xnat:projectData/PI/meta/shareable                                                                  xnat_investigatorData_meta_data170		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:projectData/PI/meta/meta_data_id                                                               xnat_investigatorData_meta_data171		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:projectData/investigators/investigator/title                                                   xnat_investigatorData172		xnat_investigatorData.title
xnat:projectData/investigators/investigator/firstname                                               xnat_investigatorData173		xnat_investigatorData.firstname
xnat:projectData/investigators/investigator/lastname                                                xnat_investigatorData174		xnat_investigatorData.lastname
xnat:projectData/investigators/investigator/institution                                             xnat_investigatorData175		xnat_investigatorData.institution
xnat:projectData/investigators/investigator/department                                              xnat_investigatorData176		xnat_investigatorData.department
xnat:projectData/investigators/investigator/email                                                   xnat_investigatorData177		xnat_investigatorData.email
xnat:projectData/investigators/investigator/phone                                                   xnat_investigatorData178		xnat_investigatorData.phone
xnat:projectData/investigators/investigator/ID                                                      xnat_investigatorData179		xnat_investigatorData.id
xnat:projectData/investigators/investigator/investigatordata_info                                   xnat_investigatorData180		xnat_investigatorData.investigatordata_info
xnat:projectData/investigators/investigator/xnat_investigatorData_id                                xnat_investigatorData181		xnat_investigatorData.xnat_investigatordata_id
xnat:projectData/investigators/investigator/meta/xft_version                                        xnat_investigatorData_meta_data182		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:projectData/investigators/investigator/meta/last_modified                                      xnat_investigatorData_meta_data183		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:projectData/investigators/investigator/meta/status                                             xnat_investigatorData_meta_data184		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.status
xnat:projectData/investigators/investigator/meta/activation_date                                    xnat_investigatorData_meta_data185		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:projectData/investigators/investigator/meta/row_last_modified                                  xnat_investigatorData_meta_data186		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:projectData/investigators/investigator/meta/insert_date                                        xnat_investigatorData_meta_data187		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:projectData/investigators/investigator/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                       xnat_investigatorData_meta_data188		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:projectData/investigators/investigator/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                           xnat_investigatorData_meta_data189		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:projectData/investigators/investigator/meta/origin                                             xnat_investigatorData_meta_data190		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.origin
xnat:projectData/investigators/investigator/meta/modified                                           xnat_investigatorData_meta_data191		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.modified
xnat:projectData/investigators/investigator/meta/shareable                                          xnat_investigatorData_meta_data192		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:projectData/investigators/investigator/meta/meta_data_id                                       xnat_investigatorData_meta_data193		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:projectData/fields/field/field                                                                 xnat_projectData_field194		xnat_projectData_field.field
xnat:projectData/fields/field/name                                                                  xnat_projectData_field195		xnat_projectData_field.name
xnat:projectData/fields/field/projectdata_field_info                                                xnat_projectData_field196		xnat_projectData_field.projectdata_field_info
xnat:projectData/fields/field/xnat_projectData_field_id                                             xnat_projectData_field197		xnat_projectData_field.xnat_projectdata_field_id
xnat:projectData/fields/field/fields_field_xnat_projectdata_id                                      xnat_projectData_field198		xnat_projectData_field.fields_field_xnat_projectdata_id
xnat:projectData/fields/field/meta/xft_version                                                      xnat_projectData_field_meta_data199		xnat_projectData_field_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:projectData/fields/field/meta/last_modified                                                    xnat_projectData_field_meta_data200		xnat_projectData_field_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:projectData/fields/field/meta/status                                                           xnat_projectData_field_meta_data201		xnat_projectData_field_meta_data.status
xnat:projectData/fields/field/meta/activation_date                                                  xnat_projectData_field_meta_data202		xnat_projectData_field_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:projectData/fields/field/meta/row_last_modified                                                xnat_projectData_field_meta_data203		xnat_projectData_field_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:projectData/fields/field/meta/insert_date                                                      xnat_projectData_field_meta_data204		xnat_projectData_field_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:projectData/fields/field/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                                     xnat_projectData_field_meta_data205		xnat_projectData_field_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:projectData/fields/field/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                                         xnat_projectData_field_meta_data206		xnat_projectData_field_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:projectData/fields/field/meta/origin                                                           xnat_projectData_field_meta_data207		xnat_projectData_field_meta_data.origin
xnat:projectData/fields/field/meta/modified                                                         xnat_projectData_field_meta_data208		xnat_projectData_field_meta_data.modified
xnat:projectData/fields/field/meta/shareable                                                        xnat_projectData_field_meta_data209		xnat_projectData_field_meta_data.shareable
xnat:projectData/fields/field/meta/meta_data_id                                                     xnat_projectData_field_meta_data210		xnat_projectData_field_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:projectData/meta/xft_version                                                                   xnat_projectData_meta_data211		xnat_projectData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:projectData/meta/last_modified                                                                 xnat_projectData_meta_data212		xnat_projectData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:projectData/meta/status                                                                        xnat_projectData_meta_data213		xnat_projectData_meta_data.status
xnat:projectData/meta/activation_date                                                               xnat_projectData_meta_data214		xnat_projectData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:projectData/meta/row_last_modified                                                             xnat_projectData_meta_data215		xnat_projectData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:projectData/meta/insert_date                                                                   xnat_projectData_meta_data216		xnat_projectData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:projectData/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                                                  xnat_projectData_meta_data217		xnat_projectData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:projectData/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                                                      xnat_projectData_meta_data218		xnat_projectData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:projectData/meta/origin                                                                        xnat_projectData_meta_data219		xnat_projectData_meta_data.origin
xnat:projectData/meta/modified                                                                      xnat_projectData_meta_data220		xnat_projectData_meta_data.modified
xnat:projectData/meta/shareable                                                                     xnat_projectData_meta_data221		xnat_projectData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:projectData/meta/meta_data_id                                                                  xnat_projectData_meta_data222		xnat_projectData_meta_data.meta_data_id
