

*********************************************

ac_s_xnat_a_sideEffectsPittsburghData_r
(ACTIVE - MULTIPLE - ROOT)

xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/id                                                                 xnat_a_sideEffectsPittsburghData0		xnat_experimentData.id
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/motorTics                                                          xnat_a_sideEffectsPittsburghData1		xnat_a_sideEffectsPittsburghData.motortics
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/buccal_lingualMovements                                            xnat_a_sideEffectsPittsburghData2		xnat_a_sideEffectsPittsburghData.buccal_lingualmovements
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/picking_skin_fingers_nails_lip                                     xnat_a_sideEffectsPittsburghData3		xnat_a_sideEffectsPittsburghData.picking_skin_fingers_nails_lip
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/worried_anxious                                                    xnat_a_sideEffectsPittsburghData4		xnat_a_sideEffectsPittsburghData.worried_anxious
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/dull_tired_listless                                                xnat_a_sideEffectsPittsburghData5		xnat_a_sideEffectsPittsburghData.dull_tired_listless
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/sedation                                                           xnat_a_sideEffectsPittsburghData6		xnat_a_sideEffectsPittsburghData.sedation
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/stomachache                                                        xnat_a_sideEffectsPittsburghData7		xnat_a_sideEffectsPittsburghData.stomachache
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/nausea_vomiting                                                    xnat_a_sideEffectsPittsburghData8		xnat_a_sideEffectsPittsburghData.nausea_vomiting
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/crabby_irritable                                                   xnat_a_sideEffectsPittsburghData9		xnat_a_sideEffectsPittsburghData.crabby_irritable
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/tearful_sad_depressed                                              xnat_a_sideEffectsPittsburghData10		xnat_a_sideEffectsPittsburghData.tearful_sad_depressed
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/hallucinations                                                     xnat_a_sideEffectsPittsburghData11		xnat_a_sideEffectsPittsburghData.hallucinations
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/troubleSleeping                                                    xnat_a_sideEffectsPittsburghData12		xnat_a_sideEffectsPittsburghData.troublesleeping
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/lossOfAppetite                                                     xnat_a_sideEffectsPittsburghData13		xnat_a_sideEffectsPittsburghData.lossofappetite
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/troubleConcentrating_distractible                                  xnat_a_sideEffectsPittsburghData14		xnat_a_sideEffectsPittsburghData.troubleconcentrating_distractible
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/dizziness_lightheadedness                                          xnat_a_sideEffectsPittsburghData15		xnat_a_sideEffectsPittsburghData.dizziness_lightheadedness
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/headaches                                                          xnat_a_sideEffectsPittsburghData16		xnat_a_sideEffectsPittsburghData.headaches
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/socialWithdrawal                                                   xnat_a_sideEffectsPittsburghData17		xnat_a_sideEffectsPittsburghData.socialwithdrawal
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/dryMouth                                                           xnat_a_sideEffectsPittsburghData18		xnat_a_sideEffectsPittsburghData.drymouth
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/palpitations                                                       xnat_a_sideEffectsPittsburghData19		xnat_a_sideEffectsPittsburghData.palpitations
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/sideeffectspittsburghdata_info                                     xnat_a_sideEffectsPittsburghData20		xnat_a_sideEffectsPittsburghData.sideeffectspittsburghdata_info
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/id                                             xnat_subjectAssessorData21		xnat_experimentData.id
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/subject_ID                                     xnat_subjectAssessorData22		xnat_subjectAssessorData.subject_id
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/age                                            xnat_subjectAssessorData23		xnat_subjectAssessorData.age
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/subjectassessordata_info                       xnat_subjectAssessorData24		xnat_subjectAssessorData.subjectassessordata_info
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/date                            xnat_experimentData25		xnat_experimentData.date
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/time                            xnat_experimentData26		xnat_experimentData.time
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/duration                        xnat_experimentData27		xnat_experimentData.duration
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/delay                           xnat_experimentData28		xnat_experimentData.delay
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/delay/ref_expt_id               xnat_experimentData29		xnat_experimentData.delay_ref_expt_id
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/note                            xnat_experimentData30		xnat_experimentData.note
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator_xnat_investigatordata_id	xnat_experimentData31		xnat_experimentData.investigator_xnat_investigatordata_id
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation_xnat_validationdata_id	xnat_experimentData32		xnat_experimentData.validation_xnat_validationdata_id
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/acquisition_site                xnat_experimentData33		xnat_experimentData.acquisition_site
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/ID                              xnat_experimentData34		xnat_experimentData.id
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/project                         xnat_experimentData35		xnat_experimentData.project
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/visit_id                        xnat_experimentData36		xnat_experimentData.visit_id
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/visit                           xnat_experimentData37		xnat_experimentData.visit
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/version                         xnat_experimentData38		xnat_experimentData.version
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/original                        xnat_experimentData39		xnat_experimentData.original
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/protocol                        xnat_experimentData40		xnat_experimentData.protocol
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/label                           xnat_experimentData41		xnat_experimentData.label
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/extension                       xnat_experimentData42		xnat_experimentData.extension
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/experimentdata_info             xnat_experimentData43		xnat_experimentData.experimentdata_info
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/share             xnat_experimentData_share44		xnat_experimentData_share.share
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/label             xnat_experimentData_share45		xnat_experimentData_share.label
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/project           xnat_experimentData_share46		xnat_experimentData_share.project
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/visit             xnat_experimentData_share47		xnat_experimentData_share.visit
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/protocol          xnat_experimentData_share48		xnat_experimentData_share.protocol
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/experimentdata_share_info	xnat_experimentData_share49		xnat_experimentData_share.experimentdata_share_info
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/xnat_experimentData_share_id	xnat_experimentData_share50		xnat_experimentData_share.xnat_experimentdata_share_id
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/sharing_share_xnat_experimentda_id	xnat_experimentData_share51		xnat_experimentData_share.sharing_share_xnat_experimentda_id
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/xft_version  xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data52		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.xft_version
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/last_modified	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data53		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.last_modified
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/status       xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data54		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.status
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/activation_date	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data55		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.activation_date
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data56		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/insert_date  xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data57		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.insert_date
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data58		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data59		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/origin       xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data60		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.origin
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/modified     xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data61		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.modified
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/shareable    xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data62		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.shareable
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/meta_data_id xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data63		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/title              xnat_investigatorData64		xnat_investigatorData.title
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/firstname          xnat_investigatorData65		xnat_investigatorData.firstname
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/lastname           xnat_investigatorData66		xnat_investigatorData.lastname
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/institution        xnat_investigatorData67		xnat_investigatorData.institution
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/department         xnat_investigatorData68		xnat_investigatorData.department
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/email              xnat_investigatorData69		xnat_investigatorData.email
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/phone              xnat_investigatorData70		xnat_investigatorData.phone
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/ID                 xnat_investigatorData71		xnat_investigatorData.id
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/investigatordata_info	xnat_investigatorData72		xnat_investigatorData.investigatordata_info
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/xnat_investigatorData_id	xnat_investigatorData73		xnat_investigatorData.xnat_investigatordata_id
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/xft_version   xnat_investigatorData_meta_data74		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/last_modified xnat_investigatorData_meta_data75		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/status        xnat_investigatorData_meta_data76		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.status
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/activation_date	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data77		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data78		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/insert_date   xnat_investigatorData_meta_data79		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data80		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data81		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/origin        xnat_investigatorData_meta_data82		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.origin
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/modified      xnat_investigatorData_meta_data83		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.modified
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/shareable     xnat_investigatorData_meta_data84		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.shareable
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/meta_data_id  xnat_investigatorData_meta_data85		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/method               xnat_validationData86		xnat_validationData.method
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/date                 xnat_validationData87		xnat_validationData.date
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/notes                xnat_validationData88		xnat_validationData.notes
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/validated_by         xnat_validationData89		xnat_validationData.validated_by
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/status               xnat_validationData90		xnat_validationData.status
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/validationdata_info  xnat_validationData91		xnat_validationData.validationdata_info
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/xnat_validationData_id	xnat_validationData92		xnat_validationData.xnat_validationdata_id
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/xft_version     xnat_validationData_meta_data93		xnat_validationData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/last_modified   xnat_validationData_meta_data94		xnat_validationData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/status          xnat_validationData_meta_data95		xnat_validationData_meta_data.status
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/activation_date xnat_validationData_meta_data96		xnat_validationData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_validationData_meta_data97		xnat_validationData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/insert_date     xnat_validationData_meta_data98		xnat_validationData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_validationData_meta_data99		xnat_validationData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_validationData_meta_data100		xnat_validationData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/origin          xnat_validationData_meta_data101		xnat_validationData_meta_data.origin
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/modified        xnat_validationData_meta_data102		xnat_validationData_meta_data.modified
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/shareable       xnat_validationData_meta_data103		xnat_validationData_meta_data.shareable
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/meta_data_id    xnat_validationData_meta_data104		xnat_validationData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/note         xnat_abstractResource105		xnat_abstractResource.note
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/label        xnat_abstractResource106		xnat_abstractResource.label
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/file_count   xnat_abstractResource107		xnat_abstractResource.file_count
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/file_size    xnat_abstractResource108		xnat_abstractResource.file_size
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/extension    xnat_abstractResource109		xnat_abstractResource.extension
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/abstractresource_info	xnat_abstractResource110		xnat_abstractResource.abstractresource_info
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/xnat_abstractResource_id	xnat_abstractResource111		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id	xnat_abstractResource112		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/tag xnat_abstractResource_tag113		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tag
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/name	xnat_abstractResource_tag114		xnat_abstractResource_tag.name
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/abstractresource_tag_info	xnat_abstractResource_tag115		xnat_abstractResource_tag.abstractresource_tag_info
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/xnat_abstractResource_tag_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag116		xnat_abstractResource_tag.xnat_abstractresource_tag_id
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag117		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/xft_version	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data118		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.xft_version
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/last_modified	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data119		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.last_modified
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/status	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data120		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.status
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/activation_date	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data121		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_date
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data122		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/insert_date	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data123		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_date
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data124		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data125		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/origin	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data126		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.origin
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/modified	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data127		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.modified
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/shareable	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data128		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.shareable
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/meta_data_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data129		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/extension_item/element_name	xdat_meta_element130		xdat_meta_element.element_name
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id	xdat_meta_element131		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/xft_version	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data132		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.xft_version
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/last_modified	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data133		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.last_modified
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/status  xnat_abstractResource_meta_data134		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.status
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/activation_date	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data135		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_date
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data136		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/insert_date	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data137		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_date
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data138		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data139		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/origin  xnat_abstractResource_meta_data140		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.origin
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/modified	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data141		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.modified
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/shareable	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data142		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.shareable
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/meta_data_id	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data143		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/field              xnat_experimentData_field144		xnat_experimentData_field.field
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/name               xnat_experimentData_field145		xnat_experimentData_field.name
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/experimentdata_field_info	xnat_experimentData_field146		xnat_experimentData_field.experimentdata_field_info
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/xnat_experimentData_field_id	xnat_experimentData_field147		xnat_experimentData_field.xnat_experimentdata_field_id
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/fields_field_xnat_experimentdat_id	xnat_experimentData_field148		xnat_experimentData_field.fields_field_xnat_experimentdat_id
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/xft_version   xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data149		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.xft_version
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/last_modified xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data150		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.last_modified
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/status        xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data151		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.status
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/activation_date	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data152		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.activation_date
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data153		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/insert_date   xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data154		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.insert_date
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data155		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data156		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/origin        xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data157		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.origin
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/modified      xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data158		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.modified
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/shareable     xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data159		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.shareable
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/meta_data_id  xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data160		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/extension_item/element_name     xdat_meta_element161		xdat_meta_element.element_name
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id	xdat_meta_element162		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/xft_version                xnat_experimentData_meta_data163		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/last_modified              xnat_experimentData_meta_data164		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/status                     xnat_experimentData_meta_data165		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.status
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/activation_date            xnat_experimentData_meta_data166		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/row_last_modified          xnat_experimentData_meta_data167		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/insert_date                xnat_experimentData_meta_data168		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_experimentData_meta_data169		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id   xnat_experimentData_meta_data170		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/origin                     xnat_experimentData_meta_data171		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.origin
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/modified                   xnat_experimentData_meta_data172		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.modified
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/shareable                  xnat_experimentData_meta_data173		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.shareable
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/meta_data_id               xnat_experimentData_meta_data174		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/meta/xft_version                               xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data175		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/meta/last_modified                             xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data176		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/meta/status                                    xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data177		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.status
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/meta/activation_date                           xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data178		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/meta/row_last_modified                         xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data179		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/meta/insert_date                               xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data180		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id              xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data181		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                  xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data182		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/meta/origin                                    xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data183		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.origin
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/meta/modified                                  xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data184		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.modified
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/meta/shareable                                 xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data185		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.shareable
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/subjectAssessorData/meta/meta_data_id                              xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data186		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/meta/xft_version                                                   xnat_a_sideEffectsPittsburghData_meta_data187		xnat_a_sideEffectsPittsburghData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/meta/last_modified                                                 xnat_a_sideEffectsPittsburghData_meta_data188		xnat_a_sideEffectsPittsburghData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/meta/status                                                        xnat_a_sideEffectsPittsburghData_meta_data189		xnat_a_sideEffectsPittsburghData_meta_data.status
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/meta/activation_date                                               xnat_a_sideEffectsPittsburghData_meta_data190		xnat_a_sideEffectsPittsburghData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/meta/row_last_modified                                             xnat_a_sideEffectsPittsburghData_meta_data191		xnat_a_sideEffectsPittsburghData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/meta/insert_date                                                   xnat_a_sideEffectsPittsburghData_meta_data192		xnat_a_sideEffectsPittsburghData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                                  xnat_a_sideEffectsPittsburghData_meta_data193		xnat_a_sideEffectsPittsburghData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                                      xnat_a_sideEffectsPittsburghData_meta_data194		xnat_a_sideEffectsPittsburghData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/meta/origin                                                        xnat_a_sideEffectsPittsburghData_meta_data195		xnat_a_sideEffectsPittsburghData_meta_data.origin
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/meta/modified                                                      xnat_a_sideEffectsPittsburghData_meta_data196		xnat_a_sideEffectsPittsburghData_meta_data.modified
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/meta/shareable                                                     xnat_a_sideEffectsPittsburghData_meta_data197		xnat_a_sideEffectsPittsburghData_meta_data.shareable
xnat_a:sideEffectsPittsburghData/meta/meta_data_id                                                  xnat_a_sideEffectsPittsburghData_meta_data198		xnat_a_sideEffectsPittsburghData_meta_data.meta_data_id
