

*********************************************

ac_s_xnat_mrSessionData_r
(ACTIVE - MULTIPLE - ROOT)

xnat:mrSessionData/id                                                                               xnat_mrSessionData0		xnat_experimentData.id
xnat:mrSessionData/coil                                                                             xnat_mrSessionData1		xnat_mrSessionData.coil
xnat:mrSessionData/fieldStrength                                                                    xnat_mrSessionData2		xnat_mrSessionData.fieldstrength
xnat:mrSessionData/marker                                                                           xnat_mrSessionData3		xnat_mrSessionData.marker
xnat:mrSessionData/stabilization                                                                    xnat_mrSessionData4		xnat_mrSessionData.stabilization
xnat:mrSessionData/mrsessiondata_info                                                               xnat_mrSessionData5		xnat_mrSessionData.mrsessiondata_info
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/id                                                              xnat_imageSessionData6		xnat_experimentData.id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scanner                                                         xnat_imageSessionData7		xnat_imageSessionData.scanner
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scanner/manufacturer                                            xnat_imageSessionData8		xnat_imageSessionData.scanner_manufacturer
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scanner/model                                                   xnat_imageSessionData9		xnat_imageSessionData.scanner_model
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/operator                                                        xnat_imageSessionData10		xnat_imageSessionData.operator
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/prearchivePath                                                  xnat_imageSessionData11		xnat_imageSessionData.prearchivepath
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/dcmAccessionNumber                                              xnat_imageSessionData12		xnat_imageSessionData.dcmaccessionnumber
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/dcmPatientId                                                    xnat_imageSessionData13		xnat_imageSessionData.dcmpatientid
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/dcmPatientName                                                  xnat_imageSessionData14		xnat_imageSessionData.dcmpatientname
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/dcmPatientBirthDate                                             xnat_imageSessionData15		xnat_imageSessionData.dcmpatientbirthdate
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/session_type                                                    xnat_imageSessionData16		xnat_imageSessionData.session_type
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/modality                                                        xnat_imageSessionData17		xnat_imageSessionData.modality
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/UID                                                             xnat_imageSessionData18		xnat_imageSessionData.uid
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/imagesessiondata_info                                           xnat_imageSessionData19		xnat_imageSessionData.imagesessiondata_info
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/id                                          xnat_subjectAssessorData20		xnat_experimentData.id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/subject_ID                                  xnat_subjectAssessorData21		xnat_subjectAssessorData.subject_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/age                                         xnat_subjectAssessorData22		xnat_subjectAssessorData.age
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/subjectassessordata_info                    xnat_subjectAssessorData23		xnat_subjectAssessorData.subjectassessordata_info
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/date                         xnat_experimentData24		xnat_experimentData.date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/time                         xnat_experimentData25		xnat_experimentData.time
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/duration                     xnat_experimentData26		xnat_experimentData.duration
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/delay                        xnat_experimentData27		xnat_experimentData.delay
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/delay/ref_expt_id            xnat_experimentData28		xnat_experimentData.delay_ref_expt_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/note                         xnat_experimentData29		xnat_experimentData.note
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator_xnat_investigatordata_id	xnat_experimentData30		xnat_experimentData.investigator_xnat_investigatordata_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation_xnat_validationdata_id	xnat_experimentData31		xnat_experimentData.validation_xnat_validationdata_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/acquisition_site             xnat_experimentData32		xnat_experimentData.acquisition_site
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/ID                           xnat_experimentData33		xnat_experimentData.id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/project                      xnat_experimentData34		xnat_experimentData.project
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/visit_id                     xnat_experimentData35		xnat_experimentData.visit_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/visit                        xnat_experimentData36		xnat_experimentData.visit
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/version                      xnat_experimentData37		xnat_experimentData.version
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/original                     xnat_experimentData38		xnat_experimentData.original
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/protocol                     xnat_experimentData39		xnat_experimentData.protocol
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/label                        xnat_experimentData40		xnat_experimentData.label
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/extension                    xnat_experimentData41		xnat_experimentData.extension
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/experimentdata_info          xnat_experimentData42		xnat_experimentData.experimentdata_info
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/share          xnat_experimentData_share43		xnat_experimentData_share.share
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/label          xnat_experimentData_share44		xnat_experimentData_share.label
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/project        xnat_experimentData_share45		xnat_experimentData_share.project
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/visit          xnat_experimentData_share46		xnat_experimentData_share.visit
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/protocol       xnat_experimentData_share47		xnat_experimentData_share.protocol
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/experimentdata_share_info	xnat_experimentData_share48		xnat_experimentData_share.experimentdata_share_info
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/xnat_experimentData_share_id	xnat_experimentData_share49		xnat_experimentData_share.xnat_experimentdata_share_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/sharing_share_xnat_experimentda_id	xnat_experimentData_share50		xnat_experimentData_share.sharing_share_xnat_experimentda_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/xft_version	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data51		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/last_modified	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data52		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/status    xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data53		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.status
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/activation_date	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data54		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data55		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/insert_date	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data56		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data57		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data58		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/origin    xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data59		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.origin
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/modified  xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data60		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/shareable xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data61		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.shareable
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/meta_data_id	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data62		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/title           xnat_investigatorData63		xnat_investigatorData.title
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/firstname       xnat_investigatorData64		xnat_investigatorData.firstname
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/lastname        xnat_investigatorData65		xnat_investigatorData.lastname
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/institution     xnat_investigatorData66		xnat_investigatorData.institution
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/department      xnat_investigatorData67		xnat_investigatorData.department
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/email           xnat_investigatorData68		xnat_investigatorData.email
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/phone           xnat_investigatorData69		xnat_investigatorData.phone
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/ID              xnat_investigatorData70		xnat_investigatorData.id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/investigatordata_info	xnat_investigatorData71		xnat_investigatorData.investigatordata_info
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/xnat_investigatorData_id	xnat_investigatorData72		xnat_investigatorData.xnat_investigatordata_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/xft_version	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data73		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/last_modified	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data74		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/status     xnat_investigatorData_meta_data75		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.status
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/activation_date	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data76		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data77		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/insert_date	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data78		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data79		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data80		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/origin     xnat_investigatorData_meta_data81		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.origin
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/modified   xnat_investigatorData_meta_data82		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/shareable  xnat_investigatorData_meta_data83		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/meta_data_id	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data84		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/method            xnat_validationData85		xnat_validationData.method
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/date              xnat_validationData86		xnat_validationData.date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/notes             xnat_validationData87		xnat_validationData.notes
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/validated_by      xnat_validationData88		xnat_validationData.validated_by
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/status            xnat_validationData89		xnat_validationData.status
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/validationdata_info	xnat_validationData90		xnat_validationData.validationdata_info
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/xnat_validationData_id	xnat_validationData91		xnat_validationData.xnat_validationdata_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/xft_version  xnat_validationData_meta_data92		xnat_validationData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/last_modified	xnat_validationData_meta_data93		xnat_validationData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/status       xnat_validationData_meta_data94		xnat_validationData_meta_data.status
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/activation_date	xnat_validationData_meta_data95		xnat_validationData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_validationData_meta_data96		xnat_validationData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/insert_date  xnat_validationData_meta_data97		xnat_validationData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_validationData_meta_data98		xnat_validationData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_validationData_meta_data99		xnat_validationData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/origin       xnat_validationData_meta_data100		xnat_validationData_meta_data.origin
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/modified     xnat_validationData_meta_data101		xnat_validationData_meta_data.modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/shareable    xnat_validationData_meta_data102		xnat_validationData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/meta_data_id xnat_validationData_meta_data103		xnat_validationData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/note      xnat_abstractResource104		xnat_abstractResource.note
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/label     xnat_abstractResource105		xnat_abstractResource.label
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/file_count	xnat_abstractResource106		xnat_abstractResource.file_count
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/file_size xnat_abstractResource107		xnat_abstractResource.file_size
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/extension xnat_abstractResource108		xnat_abstractResource.extension
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/abstractresource_info	xnat_abstractResource109		xnat_abstractResource.abstractresource_info
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/xnat_abstractResource_id	xnat_abstractResource110		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id	xnat_abstractResource111		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/tag	xnat_abstractResource_tag112		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tag
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/name	xnat_abstractResource_tag113		xnat_abstractResource_tag.name
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/abstractresource_tag_info	xnat_abstractResource_tag114		xnat_abstractResource_tag.abstractresource_tag_info
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/xnat_abstractResource_tag_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag115		xnat_abstractResource_tag.xnat_abstractresource_tag_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag116		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/xft_version	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data117		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/last_modified	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data118		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/status	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data119		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.status
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/activation_date	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data120		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data121		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/insert_date	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data122		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data123		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data124		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/origin	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data125		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.origin
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/modified	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data126		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/shareable	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data127		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.shareable
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/meta_data_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data128		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/extension_item/element_name	xdat_meta_element129		xdat_meta_element.element_name
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id	xdat_meta_element130		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/xft_version	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data131		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/last_modified	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data132		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/status	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data133		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.status
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/activation_date	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data134		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data135		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/insert_date	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data136		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data137		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data138		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/origin	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data139		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.origin
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/modified	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data140		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/shareable	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data141		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.shareable
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/meta_data_id	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data142		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/field           xnat_experimentData_field143		xnat_experimentData_field.field
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/name            xnat_experimentData_field144		xnat_experimentData_field.name
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/experimentdata_field_info	xnat_experimentData_field145		xnat_experimentData_field.experimentdata_field_info
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/xnat_experimentData_field_id	xnat_experimentData_field146		xnat_experimentData_field.xnat_experimentdata_field_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/fields_field_xnat_experimentdat_id	xnat_experimentData_field147		xnat_experimentData_field.fields_field_xnat_experimentdat_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/xft_version	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data148		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/last_modified	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data149		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/status     xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data150		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.status
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/activation_date	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data151		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data152		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/insert_date	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data153		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data154		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data155		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/origin     xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data156		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.origin
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/modified   xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data157		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/shareable  xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data158		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.shareable
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/meta_data_id	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data159		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/extension_item/element_name  xdat_meta_element160		xdat_meta_element.element_name
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id	xdat_meta_element161		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/xft_version             xnat_experimentData_meta_data162		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/last_modified           xnat_experimentData_meta_data163		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/status                  xnat_experimentData_meta_data164		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.status
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/activation_date         xnat_experimentData_meta_data165		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/row_last_modified       xnat_experimentData_meta_data166		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/insert_date             xnat_experimentData_meta_data167		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_experimentData_meta_data168		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_experimentData_meta_data169		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/origin                  xnat_experimentData_meta_data170		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.origin
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/modified                xnat_experimentData_meta_data171		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/shareable               xnat_experimentData_meta_data172		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/meta_data_id            xnat_experimentData_meta_data173		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/meta/xft_version                            xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data174		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/meta/last_modified                          xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data175		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/meta/status                                 xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data176		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.status
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/meta/activation_date                        xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data177		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/meta/row_last_modified                      xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data178		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/meta/insert_date                            xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data179		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id           xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data180		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id               xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data181		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/meta/origin                                 xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data182		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.origin
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/meta/modified                               xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data183		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/meta/shareable                              xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data184		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/meta/meta_data_id                           xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data185		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file_xnat_abstractresource_id                    xnat_regionResource186		xnat_regionResource.file_xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage_xnat_abstractresource_id               xnat_regionResource187		xnat_regionResource.baseimage_xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/creator/firstname                                xnat_regionResource188		xnat_regionResource.creator_firstname
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/creator/lastname                                 xnat_regionResource189		xnat_regionResource.creator_lastname
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/name                                             xnat_regionResource190		xnat_regionResource.name
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/hemisphere                                       xnat_regionResource191		xnat_regionResource.hemisphere
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/session_id                                       xnat_regionResource192		xnat_regionResource.session_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/regionresource_info                              xnat_regionResource193		xnat_regionResource.regionresource_info
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/xnat_regionResource_id                           xnat_regionResource194		xnat_regionResource.xnat_regionresource_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/note                                        xnat_abstractResource195		xnat_abstractResource.note
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/label                                       xnat_abstractResource196		xnat_abstractResource.label
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/file_count                                  xnat_abstractResource197		xnat_abstractResource.file_count
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/file_size                                   xnat_abstractResource198		xnat_abstractResource.file_size
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/extension                                   xnat_abstractResource199		xnat_abstractResource.extension
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/abstractresource_info                       xnat_abstractResource200		xnat_abstractResource.abstractresource_info
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/xnat_abstractResource_id                    xnat_abstractResource201		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id    xnat_abstractResource202		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/tags/tag/tag                                xnat_abstractResource_tag203		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tag
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/tags/tag/name                               xnat_abstractResource_tag204		xnat_abstractResource_tag.name
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/tags/tag/abstractresource_tag_info          xnat_abstractResource_tag205		xnat_abstractResource_tag.abstractresource_tag_info
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/tags/tag/xnat_abstractResource_tag_id       xnat_abstractResource_tag206		xnat_abstractResource_tag.xnat_abstractresource_tag_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/tags/tag/tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag207		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/tags/tag/meta/xft_version                   xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data208		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/tags/tag/meta/last_modified                 xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data209		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/tags/tag/meta/status                        xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data210		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.status
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/tags/tag/meta/activation_date               xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data211		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/tags/tag/meta/row_last_modified             xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data212		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/tags/tag/meta/insert_date                   xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data213		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/tags/tag/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id  xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data214		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/tags/tag/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id      xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data215		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/tags/tag/meta/origin                        xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data216		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.origin
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/tags/tag/meta/modified                      xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data217		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/tags/tag/meta/shareable                     xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data218		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.shareable
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/tags/tag/meta/meta_data_id                  xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data219		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/extension_item/element_name                 xdat_meta_element220		xdat_meta_element.element_name
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id         xdat_meta_element221		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/meta/xft_version                            xnat_abstractResource_meta_data222		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/meta/last_modified                          xnat_abstractResource_meta_data223		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/meta/status                                 xnat_abstractResource_meta_data224		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.status
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/meta/activation_date                        xnat_abstractResource_meta_data225		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/meta/row_last_modified                      xnat_abstractResource_meta_data226		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/meta/insert_date                            xnat_abstractResource_meta_data227		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id           xnat_abstractResource_meta_data228		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id               xnat_abstractResource_meta_data229		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/meta/origin                                 xnat_abstractResource_meta_data230		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.origin
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/meta/modified                               xnat_abstractResource_meta_data231		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/meta/shareable                              xnat_abstractResource_meta_data232		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.shareable
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/meta/meta_data_id                           xnat_abstractResource_meta_data233		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/note                                   xnat_abstractResource234		xnat_abstractResource.note
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/label                                  xnat_abstractResource235		xnat_abstractResource.label
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/file_count                             xnat_abstractResource236		xnat_abstractResource.file_count
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/file_size                              xnat_abstractResource237		xnat_abstractResource.file_size
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/extension                              xnat_abstractResource238		xnat_abstractResource.extension
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/abstractresource_info                  xnat_abstractResource239		xnat_abstractResource.abstractresource_info
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/xnat_abstractResource_id               xnat_abstractResource240		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id	xnat_abstractResource241		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/tags/tag/tag                           xnat_abstractResource_tag242		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tag
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/tags/tag/name                          xnat_abstractResource_tag243		xnat_abstractResource_tag.name
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/tags/tag/abstractresource_tag_info     xnat_abstractResource_tag244		xnat_abstractResource_tag.abstractresource_tag_info
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/tags/tag/xnat_abstractResource_tag_id  xnat_abstractResource_tag245		xnat_abstractResource_tag.xnat_abstractresource_tag_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/tags/tag/tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag246		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/tags/tag/meta/xft_version              xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data247		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/tags/tag/meta/last_modified            xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data248		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/tags/tag/meta/status                   xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data249		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.status
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/tags/tag/meta/activation_date          xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data250		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/tags/tag/meta/row_last_modified        xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data251		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/tags/tag/meta/insert_date              xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data252		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/tags/tag/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data253		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/tags/tag/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data254		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/tags/tag/meta/origin                   xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data255		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.origin
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/tags/tag/meta/modified                 xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data256		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/tags/tag/meta/shareable                xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data257		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.shareable
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/tags/tag/meta/meta_data_id             xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data258		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/extension_item/element_name            xdat_meta_element259		xdat_meta_element.element_name
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id    xdat_meta_element260		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/meta/xft_version                       xnat_abstractResource_meta_data261		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/meta/last_modified                     xnat_abstractResource_meta_data262		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/meta/status                            xnat_abstractResource_meta_data263		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.status
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/meta/activation_date                   xnat_abstractResource_meta_data264		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/meta/row_last_modified                 xnat_abstractResource_meta_data265		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/meta/insert_date                       xnat_abstractResource_meta_data266		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id      xnat_abstractResource_meta_data267		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id          xnat_abstractResource_meta_data268		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/meta/origin                            xnat_abstractResource_meta_data269		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.origin
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/meta/modified                          xnat_abstractResource_meta_data270		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/meta/shareable                         xnat_abstractResource_meta_data271		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.shareable
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/meta/meta_data_id                      xnat_abstractResource_meta_data272		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/subregionlabels/label/label                      xnat_regionResource_label273		xnat_regionResource_label.label
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/subregionlabels/label/id                         xnat_regionResource_label274		xnat_regionResource_label.id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/subregionlabels/label/hemisphere                 xnat_regionResource_label275		xnat_regionResource_label.hemisphere
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/subregionlabels/label/regionresource_label_info  xnat_regionResource_label276		xnat_regionResource_label.regionresource_label_info
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/subregionlabels/label/xnat_regionResource_label_id	xnat_regionResource_label277		xnat_regionResource_label.xnat_regionresource_label_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/subregionlabels/label/subregionlabels_label_xnat_regi_xnat_regionresource_id	xnat_regionResource_label278		xnat_regionResource_label.subregionlabels_label_xnat_regi_xnat_regionresource_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/subregionlabels/label/meta/xft_version           xnat_regionResource_label_meta_data279		xnat_regionResource_label_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/subregionlabels/label/meta/last_modified         xnat_regionResource_label_meta_data280		xnat_regionResource_label_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/subregionlabels/label/meta/status                xnat_regionResource_label_meta_data281		xnat_regionResource_label_meta_data.status
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/subregionlabels/label/meta/activation_date       xnat_regionResource_label_meta_data282		xnat_regionResource_label_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/subregionlabels/label/meta/row_last_modified     xnat_regionResource_label_meta_data283		xnat_regionResource_label_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/subregionlabels/label/meta/insert_date           xnat_regionResource_label_meta_data284		xnat_regionResource_label_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/subregionlabels/label/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_regionResource_label_meta_data285		xnat_regionResource_label_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/subregionlabels/label/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_regionResource_label_meta_data286		xnat_regionResource_label_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/subregionlabels/label/meta/origin                xnat_regionResource_label_meta_data287		xnat_regionResource_label_meta_data.origin
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/subregionlabels/label/meta/modified              xnat_regionResource_label_meta_data288		xnat_regionResource_label_meta_data.modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/subregionlabels/label/meta/shareable             xnat_regionResource_label_meta_data289		xnat_regionResource_label_meta_data.shareable
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/subregionlabels/label/meta/meta_data_id          xnat_regionResource_label_meta_data290		xnat_regionResource_label_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/meta/xft_version                                 xnat_regionResource_meta_data291		xnat_regionResource_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/meta/last_modified                               xnat_regionResource_meta_data292		xnat_regionResource_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/meta/status                                      xnat_regionResource_meta_data293		xnat_regionResource_meta_data.status
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/meta/activation_date                             xnat_regionResource_meta_data294		xnat_regionResource_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/meta/row_last_modified                           xnat_regionResource_meta_data295		xnat_regionResource_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/meta/insert_date                                 xnat_regionResource_meta_data296		xnat_regionResource_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                xnat_regionResource_meta_data297		xnat_regionResource_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                    xnat_regionResource_meta_data298		xnat_regionResource_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/meta/origin                                      xnat_regionResource_meta_data299		xnat_regionResource_meta_data.origin
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/meta/modified                                    xnat_regionResource_meta_data300		xnat_regionResource_meta_data.modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/meta/shareable                                   xnat_regionResource_meta_data301		xnat_regionResource_meta_data.shareable
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/meta/meta_data_id                                xnat_regionResource_meta_data302		xnat_regionResource_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/image_session_ID                                     xnat_imageScanData303		xnat_imageScanData.image_session_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/note                                                 xnat_imageScanData304		xnat_imageScanData.note
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/quality                                              xnat_imageScanData305		xnat_imageScanData.quality
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/condition                                            xnat_imageScanData306		xnat_imageScanData.condition
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/series_description                                   xnat_imageScanData307		xnat_imageScanData.series_description
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/documentation                                        xnat_imageScanData308		xnat_imageScanData.documentation
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/scanner                                              xnat_imageScanData309		xnat_imageScanData.scanner
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/scanner/manufacturer                                 xnat_imageScanData310		xnat_imageScanData.scanner_manufacturer
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/scanner/model                                        xnat_imageScanData311		xnat_imageScanData.scanner_model
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/modality                                             xnat_imageScanData312		xnat_imageScanData.modality
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/frames                                               xnat_imageScanData313		xnat_imageScanData.frames
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/operator                                             xnat_imageScanData314		xnat_imageScanData.operator
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/validation_xnat_validationdata_id                    xnat_imageScanData315		xnat_imageScanData.validation_xnat_validationdata_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/startTime                                            xnat_imageScanData316		xnat_imageScanData.starttime
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/ID                                                   xnat_imageScanData317		xnat_imageScanData.id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/type                                                 xnat_imageScanData318		xnat_imageScanData.type
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/UID                                                  xnat_imageScanData319		xnat_imageScanData.uid
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/project                                              xnat_imageScanData320		xnat_imageScanData.project
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/extension                                            xnat_imageScanData321		xnat_imageScanData.extension
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/imagescandata_info                                   xnat_imageScanData322		xnat_imageScanData.imagescandata_info
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/xnat_imageScanData_id                                xnat_imageScanData323		xnat_imageScanData.xnat_imagescandata_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/sharing/share/share                                  xnat_imageScanData_share324		xnat_imageScanData_share.share
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/sharing/share/label                                  xnat_imageScanData_share325		xnat_imageScanData_share.label
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/sharing/share/project                                xnat_imageScanData_share326		xnat_imageScanData_share.project
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/sharing/share/imagescandata_share_info               xnat_imageScanData_share327		xnat_imageScanData_share.imagescandata_share_info
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/sharing/share/xnat_imageScanData_share_id            xnat_imageScanData_share328		xnat_imageScanData_share.xnat_imagescandata_share_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/sharing/share/sharing_share_xnat_imagescandat_xnat_imagescandata_id	xnat_imageScanData_share329		xnat_imageScanData_share.sharing_share_xnat_imagescandat_xnat_imagescandata_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/sharing/share/meta/xft_version                       xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data330		xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/sharing/share/meta/last_modified                     xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data331		xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/sharing/share/meta/status                            xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data332		xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data.status
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/sharing/share/meta/activation_date                   xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data333		xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/sharing/share/meta/row_last_modified                 xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data334		xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/sharing/share/meta/insert_date                       xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data335		xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/sharing/share/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id      xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data336		xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/sharing/share/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id          xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data337		xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/sharing/share/meta/origin                            xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data338		xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data.origin
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/sharing/share/meta/modified                          xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data339		xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data.modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/sharing/share/meta/shareable                         xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data340		xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data.shareable
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/sharing/share/meta/meta_data_id                      xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data341		xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/note                                            xnat_abstractResource342		xnat_abstractResource.note
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/label                                           xnat_abstractResource343		xnat_abstractResource.label
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/file_count                                      xnat_abstractResource344		xnat_abstractResource.file_count
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/file_size                                       xnat_abstractResource345		xnat_abstractResource.file_size
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/extension                                       xnat_abstractResource346		xnat_abstractResource.extension
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/abstractresource_info                           xnat_abstractResource347		xnat_abstractResource.abstractresource_info
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/xnat_abstractResource_id                        xnat_abstractResource348		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id        xnat_abstractResource349		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/tags/tag/tag                                    xnat_abstractResource_tag350		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tag
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/tags/tag/name                                   xnat_abstractResource_tag351		xnat_abstractResource_tag.name
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/tags/tag/abstractresource_tag_info              xnat_abstractResource_tag352		xnat_abstractResource_tag.abstractresource_tag_info
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/tags/tag/xnat_abstractResource_tag_id           xnat_abstractResource_tag353		xnat_abstractResource_tag.xnat_abstractresource_tag_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/tags/tag/tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag354		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/tags/tag/meta/xft_version                       xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data355		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/tags/tag/meta/last_modified                     xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data356		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/tags/tag/meta/status                            xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data357		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.status
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/tags/tag/meta/activation_date                   xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data358		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/tags/tag/meta/row_last_modified                 xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data359		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/tags/tag/meta/insert_date                       xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data360		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/tags/tag/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id      xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data361		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/tags/tag/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id          xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data362		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/tags/tag/meta/origin                            xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data363		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.origin
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/tags/tag/meta/modified                          xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data364		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/tags/tag/meta/shareable                         xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data365		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.shareable
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/tags/tag/meta/meta_data_id                      xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data366		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/extension_item/element_name                     xdat_meta_element367		xdat_meta_element.element_name
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id             xdat_meta_element368		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/meta/xft_version                                xnat_abstractResource_meta_data369		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/meta/last_modified                              xnat_abstractResource_meta_data370		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/meta/status                                     xnat_abstractResource_meta_data371		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.status
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/meta/activation_date                            xnat_abstractResource_meta_data372		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/meta/row_last_modified                          xnat_abstractResource_meta_data373		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/meta/insert_date                                xnat_abstractResource_meta_data374		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id               xnat_abstractResource_meta_data375		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                   xnat_abstractResource_meta_data376		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/meta/origin                                     xnat_abstractResource_meta_data377		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.origin
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/meta/modified                                   xnat_abstractResource_meta_data378		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/meta/shareable                                  xnat_abstractResource_meta_data379		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.shareable
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/meta/meta_data_id                               xnat_abstractResource_meta_data380		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/validation/method                                    xnat_validationData381		xnat_validationData.method
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/validation/date                                      xnat_validationData382		xnat_validationData.date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/validation/notes                                     xnat_validationData383		xnat_validationData.notes
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/validation/validated_by                              xnat_validationData384		xnat_validationData.validated_by
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/validation/status                                    xnat_validationData385		xnat_validationData.status
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/validation/validationdata_info                       xnat_validationData386		xnat_validationData.validationdata_info
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/validation/xnat_validationData_id                    xnat_validationData387		xnat_validationData.xnat_validationdata_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/validation/meta/xft_version                          xnat_validationData_meta_data388		xnat_validationData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/validation/meta/last_modified                        xnat_validationData_meta_data389		xnat_validationData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/validation/meta/status                               xnat_validationData_meta_data390		xnat_validationData_meta_data.status
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/validation/meta/activation_date                      xnat_validationData_meta_data391		xnat_validationData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/validation/meta/row_last_modified                    xnat_validationData_meta_data392		xnat_validationData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/validation/meta/insert_date                          xnat_validationData_meta_data393		xnat_validationData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/validation/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id         xnat_validationData_meta_data394		xnat_validationData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/validation/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id             xnat_validationData_meta_data395		xnat_validationData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/validation/meta/origin                               xnat_validationData_meta_data396		xnat_validationData_meta_data.origin
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/validation/meta/modified                             xnat_validationData_meta_data397		xnat_validationData_meta_data.modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/validation/meta/shareable                            xnat_validationData_meta_data398		xnat_validationData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/validation/meta/meta_data_id                         xnat_validationData_meta_data399		xnat_validationData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/extension_item/element_name                          xdat_meta_element400		xdat_meta_element.element_name
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id                  xdat_meta_element401		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/meta/xft_version                                     xnat_imageScanData_meta_data402		xnat_imageScanData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/meta/last_modified                                   xnat_imageScanData_meta_data403		xnat_imageScanData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/meta/status                                          xnat_imageScanData_meta_data404		xnat_imageScanData_meta_data.status
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/meta/activation_date                                 xnat_imageScanData_meta_data405		xnat_imageScanData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/meta/row_last_modified                               xnat_imageScanData_meta_data406		xnat_imageScanData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/meta/insert_date                                     xnat_imageScanData_meta_data407		xnat_imageScanData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                    xnat_imageScanData_meta_data408		xnat_imageScanData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                        xnat_imageScanData_meta_data409		xnat_imageScanData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/meta/origin                                          xnat_imageScanData_meta_data410		xnat_imageScanData_meta_data.origin
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/meta/modified                                        xnat_imageScanData_meta_data411		xnat_imageScanData_meta_data.modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/meta/shareable                                       xnat_imageScanData_meta_data412		xnat_imageScanData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/meta/meta_data_id                                    xnat_imageScanData_meta_data413		xnat_imageScanData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/image_session_ID             xnat_reconstructedImageData414		xnat_reconstructedImageData.image_session_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance_prov_process_id   xnat_reconstructedImageData415		xnat_reconstructedImageData.provenance_prov_process_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/ID                           xnat_reconstructedImageData416		xnat_reconstructedImageData.id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/type                         xnat_reconstructedImageData417		xnat_reconstructedImageData.type
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/baseScanType                 xnat_reconstructedImageData418		xnat_reconstructedImageData.basescantype
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/reconstructedimagedata_info  xnat_reconstructedImageData419		xnat_reconstructedImageData.reconstructedimagedata_info
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/xnat_reconstructedImageData_id	xnat_reconstructedImageData420		xnat_reconstructedImageData.xnat_reconstructedimagedata_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/inScans/scanID/scanID        xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID421		xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID.scanid
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/inScans/scanID/reconstructedimagedata_scanid_info	xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID422		xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID.reconstructedimagedata_scanid_info
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/inScans/scanID/xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_id	xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID423		xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID.xnat_reconstructedimagedata_scanid_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/inScans/scanID/inscans_scanid_xnat_reconstruct_xnat_reconstructedimagedata_id	xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID424		xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID.inscans_scanid_xnat_reconstruct_xnat_reconstructedimagedata_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/inScans/scanID/meta/xft_version	xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data425		xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/inScans/scanID/meta/last_modified	xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data426		xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/inScans/scanID/meta/status   xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data427		xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data.status
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/inScans/scanID/meta/activation_date	xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data428		xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/inScans/scanID/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data429		xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/inScans/scanID/meta/insert_date	xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data430		xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/inScans/scanID/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data431		xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/inScans/scanID/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data432		xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/inScans/scanID/meta/origin   xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data433		xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data.origin
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/inScans/scanID/meta/modified xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data434		xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data.modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/inScans/scanID/meta/shareable	xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data435		xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data.shareable
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/inScans/scanID/meta/meta_data_id	xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data436		xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/note                 xnat_abstractResource437		xnat_abstractResource.note
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/label                xnat_abstractResource438		xnat_abstractResource.label
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/file_count           xnat_abstractResource439		xnat_abstractResource.file_count
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/file_size            xnat_abstractResource440		xnat_abstractResource.file_size
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/extension            xnat_abstractResource441		xnat_abstractResource.extension
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/abstractresource_info	xnat_abstractResource442		xnat_abstractResource.abstractresource_info
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/xnat_abstractResource_id	xnat_abstractResource443		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id	xnat_abstractResource444		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/tags/tag/tag         xnat_abstractResource_tag445		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tag
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/tags/tag/name        xnat_abstractResource_tag446		xnat_abstractResource_tag.name
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/tags/tag/abstractresource_tag_info	xnat_abstractResource_tag447		xnat_abstractResource_tag.abstractresource_tag_info
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/tags/tag/xnat_abstractResource_tag_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag448		xnat_abstractResource_tag.xnat_abstractresource_tag_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/tags/tag/tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag449		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/tags/tag/meta/xft_version	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data450		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/tags/tag/meta/last_modified	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data451		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/tags/tag/meta/status xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data452		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.status
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/tags/tag/meta/activation_date	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data453		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/tags/tag/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data454		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/tags/tag/meta/insert_date	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data455		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/tags/tag/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data456		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/tags/tag/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data457		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/tags/tag/meta/origin xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data458		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.origin
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/tags/tag/meta/modified	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data459		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/tags/tag/meta/shareable	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data460		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.shareable
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/tags/tag/meta/meta_data_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data461		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/extension_item/element_name	xdat_meta_element462		xdat_meta_element.element_name
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id	xdat_meta_element463		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/meta/xft_version     xnat_abstractResource_meta_data464		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/meta/last_modified   xnat_abstractResource_meta_data465		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/meta/status          xnat_abstractResource_meta_data466		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.status
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/meta/activation_date xnat_abstractResource_meta_data467		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data468		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/meta/insert_date     xnat_abstractResource_meta_data469		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data470		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data471		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/meta/origin          xnat_abstractResource_meta_data472		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.origin
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/meta/modified        xnat_abstractResource_meta_data473		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/meta/shareable       xnat_abstractResource_meta_data474		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.shareable
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/meta/meta_data_id    xnat_abstractResource_meta_data475		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/note                xnat_abstractResource476		xnat_abstractResource.note
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/label               xnat_abstractResource477		xnat_abstractResource.label
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/file_count          xnat_abstractResource478		xnat_abstractResource.file_count
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/file_size           xnat_abstractResource479		xnat_abstractResource.file_size
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/extension           xnat_abstractResource480		xnat_abstractResource.extension
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/abstractresource_info	xnat_abstractResource481		xnat_abstractResource.abstractresource_info
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/xnat_abstractResource_id	xnat_abstractResource482		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id	xnat_abstractResource483		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/tags/tag/tag        xnat_abstractResource_tag484		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tag
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/tags/tag/name       xnat_abstractResource_tag485		xnat_abstractResource_tag.name
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/tags/tag/abstractresource_tag_info	xnat_abstractResource_tag486		xnat_abstractResource_tag.abstractresource_tag_info
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/tags/tag/xnat_abstractResource_tag_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag487		xnat_abstractResource_tag.xnat_abstractresource_tag_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/tags/tag/tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag488		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/tags/tag/meta/xft_version	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data489		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/tags/tag/meta/last_modified	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data490		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/tags/tag/meta/status	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data491		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.status
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/tags/tag/meta/activation_date	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data492		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/tags/tag/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data493		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/tags/tag/meta/insert_date	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data494		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/tags/tag/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data495		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/tags/tag/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data496		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/tags/tag/meta/origin	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data497		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.origin
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/tags/tag/meta/modified	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data498		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/tags/tag/meta/shareable	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data499		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.shareable
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/tags/tag/meta/meta_data_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data500		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/extension_item/element_name	xdat_meta_element501		xdat_meta_element.element_name
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id	xdat_meta_element502		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/meta/xft_version    xnat_abstractResource_meta_data503		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/meta/last_modified  xnat_abstractResource_meta_data504		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/meta/status         xnat_abstractResource_meta_data505		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.status
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/meta/activation_date	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data506		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data507		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/meta/insert_date    xnat_abstractResource_meta_data508		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data509		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data510		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/meta/origin         xnat_abstractResource_meta_data511		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.origin
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/meta/modified       xnat_abstractResource_meta_data512		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/meta/shareable      xnat_abstractResource_meta_data513		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.shareable
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/meta/meta_data_id   xnat_abstractResource_meta_data514		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/process_info      prov_process515		prov_process.process_info
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/prov_process_id   prov_process516		prov_process.prov_process_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/program	prov_processStep517		prov_processStep.program
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/program/version	prov_processStep518		prov_processStep.program_version
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/program/arguments	prov_processStep519		prov_processStep.program_arguments
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/timestamp	prov_processStep520		prov_processStep.timestamp
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/cvs   prov_processStep521		prov_processStep.cvs
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/user  prov_processStep522		prov_processStep.user_name
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/machine	prov_processStep523		prov_processStep.machine
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/platform	prov_processStep524		prov_processStep.platform
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/platform/version	prov_processStep525		prov_processStep.platform_version
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/compiler	prov_processStep526		prov_processStep.compiler
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/compiler/version	prov_processStep527		prov_processStep.compiler_version
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/processstep_info	prov_processStep528		prov_processStep.processstep_info
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/prov_processStep_id	prov_processStep529		prov_processStep.prov_processstep_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/prov_process_prov_process_id	prov_processStep530		prov_processStep.prov_process_prov_process_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/library/library	prov_processStep_library531		prov_processStep_library.library
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/library/version	prov_processStep_library532		prov_processStep_library.version
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/library/processstep_library_info	prov_processStep_library533		prov_processStep_library.processstep_library_info
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/library/prov_processStep_library_id	prov_processStep_library534		prov_processStep_library.prov_processstep_library_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/library/prov_processstep_prov_processstep_id	prov_processStep_library535		prov_processStep_library.prov_processstep_prov_processstep_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/library/meta/xft_version	prov_processStep_library_meta_data536		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/library/meta/last_modified	prov_processStep_library_meta_data537		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/library/meta/status	prov_processStep_library_meta_data538		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.status
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/library/meta/activation_date	prov_processStep_library_meta_data539		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/library/meta/row_last_modified	prov_processStep_library_meta_data540		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/library/meta/insert_date	prov_processStep_library_meta_data541		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/library/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	prov_processStep_library_meta_data542		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/library/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	prov_processStep_library_meta_data543		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/library/meta/origin	prov_processStep_library_meta_data544		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.origin
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/library/meta/modified	prov_processStep_library_meta_data545		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/library/meta/shareable	prov_processStep_library_meta_data546		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.shareable
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/library/meta/meta_data_id	prov_processStep_library_meta_data547		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/meta/xft_version	prov_processStep_meta_data548		prov_processStep_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/meta/last_modified	prov_processStep_meta_data549		prov_processStep_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/meta/status	prov_processStep_meta_data550		prov_processStep_meta_data.status
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/meta/activation_date	prov_processStep_meta_data551		prov_processStep_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/meta/row_last_modified	prov_processStep_meta_data552		prov_processStep_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/meta/insert_date	prov_processStep_meta_data553		prov_processStep_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	prov_processStep_meta_data554		prov_processStep_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	prov_processStep_meta_data555		prov_processStep_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/meta/origin	prov_processStep_meta_data556		prov_processStep_meta_data.origin
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/meta/modified	prov_processStep_meta_data557		prov_processStep_meta_data.modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/meta/shareable	prov_processStep_meta_data558		prov_processStep_meta_data.shareable
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/meta/meta_data_id	prov_processStep_meta_data559		prov_processStep_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/meta/xft_version  prov_process_meta_data560		prov_process_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/meta/last_modified	prov_process_meta_data561		prov_process_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/meta/status       prov_process_meta_data562		prov_process_meta_data.status
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/meta/activation_date	prov_process_meta_data563		prov_process_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/meta/row_last_modified	prov_process_meta_data564		prov_process_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/meta/insert_date  prov_process_meta_data565		prov_process_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	prov_process_meta_data566		prov_process_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	prov_process_meta_data567		prov_process_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/meta/origin       prov_process_meta_data568		prov_process_meta_data.origin
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/meta/modified     prov_process_meta_data569		prov_process_meta_data.modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/meta/shareable    prov_process_meta_data570		prov_process_meta_data.shareable
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/meta/meta_data_id prov_process_meta_data571		prov_process_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/parameters/addParam/addField xnat_addField572		xnat_addField.addfield
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/parameters/addParam/name     xnat_addField573		xnat_addField.name
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/parameters/addParam/addfield_info	xnat_addField574		xnat_addField.addfield_info
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/parameters/addParam/xnat_addField_id	xnat_addField575		xnat_addField.xnat_addfield_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/parameters/addParam/parameters_addparam_xnat_mrscan_xnat_imagescandata_id	xnat_addField576		xnat_addField.parameters_addparam_xnat_mrscan_xnat_imagescandata_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/parameters/addParam/parameters_addparam_xnat_recons_xnat_reconstructedimagedata_id	xnat_addField577		xnat_addField.parameters_addparam_xnat_recons_xnat_reconstructedimagedata_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/parameters/addParam/parameters_addparam_xnat_petsca_xnat_imagescandata_id	xnat_addField578		xnat_addField.parameters_addparam_xnat_petsca_xnat_imagescandata_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/parameters/addParam/parameters_addparam_xnat_imagea_id	xnat_addField579		xnat_addField.parameters_addparam_xnat_imagea_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/parameters/addParam/meta/xft_version	xnat_addField_meta_data580		xnat_addField_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/parameters/addParam/meta/last_modified	xnat_addField_meta_data581		xnat_addField_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/parameters/addParam/meta/status	xnat_addField_meta_data582		xnat_addField_meta_data.status
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/parameters/addParam/meta/activation_date	xnat_addField_meta_data583		xnat_addField_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/parameters/addParam/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_addField_meta_data584		xnat_addField_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/parameters/addParam/meta/insert_date	xnat_addField_meta_data585		xnat_addField_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/parameters/addParam/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_addField_meta_data586		xnat_addField_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/parameters/addParam/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_addField_meta_data587		xnat_addField_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/parameters/addParam/meta/origin	xnat_addField_meta_data588		xnat_addField_meta_data.origin
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/parameters/addParam/meta/modified	xnat_addField_meta_data589		xnat_addField_meta_data.modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/parameters/addParam/meta/shareable	xnat_addField_meta_data590		xnat_addField_meta_data.shareable
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/parameters/addParam/meta/meta_data_id	xnat_addField_meta_data591		xnat_addField_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/computations/datum/name      xnat_computationData592		xnat_computationData.name
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/computations/datum/value     xnat_computationData593		xnat_computationData.value
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/computations/datum/source    xnat_computationData594		xnat_computationData.source
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/computations/datum/units     xnat_computationData595		xnat_computationData.units
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/computations/datum/computationdata_info	xnat_computationData596		xnat_computationData.computationdata_info
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/computations/datum/xnat_computationData_id	xnat_computationData597		xnat_computationData.xnat_computationdata_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/computations/datum/computations_datum_xnat_reconst_xnat_reconstructedimagedata_id	xnat_computationData598		xnat_computationData.computations_datum_xnat_reconst_xnat_reconstructedimagedata_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/computations/datum/meta/xft_version	xnat_computationData_meta_data599		xnat_computationData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/computations/datum/meta/last_modified	xnat_computationData_meta_data600		xnat_computationData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/computations/datum/meta/status	xnat_computationData_meta_data601		xnat_computationData_meta_data.status
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/computations/datum/meta/activation_date	xnat_computationData_meta_data602		xnat_computationData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/computations/datum/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_computationData_meta_data603		xnat_computationData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/computations/datum/meta/insert_date	xnat_computationData_meta_data604		xnat_computationData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/computations/datum/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_computationData_meta_data605		xnat_computationData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/computations/datum/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_computationData_meta_data606		xnat_computationData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/computations/datum/meta/origin	xnat_computationData_meta_data607		xnat_computationData_meta_data.origin
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/computations/datum/meta/modified	xnat_computationData_meta_data608		xnat_computationData_meta_data.modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/computations/datum/meta/shareable	xnat_computationData_meta_data609		xnat_computationData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/computations/datum/meta/meta_data_id	xnat_computationData_meta_data610		xnat_computationData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/meta/xft_version             xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data611		xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/meta/last_modified           xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data612		xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/meta/status                  xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data613		xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data.status
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/meta/activation_date         xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data614		xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/meta/row_last_modified       xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data615		xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/meta/insert_date             xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data616		xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data617		xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data618		xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/meta/origin                  xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data619		xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data.origin
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/meta/modified                xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data620		xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data.modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/meta/shareable               xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data621		xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/meta/meta_data_id            xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data622		xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/id                                           xnat_imageAssessorData623		xnat_experimentData.id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/imageSession_ID                              xnat_imageAssessorData624		xnat_imageAssessorData.imagesession_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/imageassessordata_info                       xnat_imageAssessorData625		xnat_imageAssessorData.imageassessordata_info
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/id                               xnat_derivedData626		xnat_experimentData.id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance_prov_process_id       xnat_derivedData627		xnat_derivedData.provenance_prov_process_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/deriveddata_info                 xnat_derivedData628		xnat_derivedData.deriveddata_info
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/date              xnat_experimentData629		xnat_experimentData.date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/time              xnat_experimentData630		xnat_experimentData.time
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/duration          xnat_experimentData631		xnat_experimentData.duration
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/delay             xnat_experimentData632		xnat_experimentData.delay
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/delay/ref_expt_id xnat_experimentData633		xnat_experimentData.delay_ref_expt_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/note              xnat_experimentData634		xnat_experimentData.note
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/investigator_xnat_investigatordata_id	xnat_experimentData635		xnat_experimentData.investigator_xnat_investigatordata_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/validation_xnat_validationdata_id	xnat_experimentData636		xnat_experimentData.validation_xnat_validationdata_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/acquisition_site  xnat_experimentData637		xnat_experimentData.acquisition_site
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/ID                xnat_experimentData638		xnat_experimentData.id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/project           xnat_experimentData639		xnat_experimentData.project
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/visit_id          xnat_experimentData640		xnat_experimentData.visit_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/visit             xnat_experimentData641		xnat_experimentData.visit
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/version           xnat_experimentData642		xnat_experimentData.version
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/original          xnat_experimentData643		xnat_experimentData.original
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/protocol          xnat_experimentData644		xnat_experimentData.protocol
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/label             xnat_experimentData645		xnat_experimentData.label
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/extension         xnat_experimentData646		xnat_experimentData.extension
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/experimentdata_info	xnat_experimentData647		xnat_experimentData.experimentdata_info
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/share	xnat_experimentData_share648		xnat_experimentData_share.share
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/label	xnat_experimentData_share649		xnat_experimentData_share.label
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/project	xnat_experimentData_share650		xnat_experimentData_share.project
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/visit	xnat_experimentData_share651		xnat_experimentData_share.visit
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/protocol	xnat_experimentData_share652		xnat_experimentData_share.protocol
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/experimentdata_share_info	xnat_experimentData_share653		xnat_experimentData_share.experimentdata_share_info
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/xnat_experimentData_share_id	xnat_experimentData_share654		xnat_experimentData_share.xnat_experimentdata_share_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/sharing_share_xnat_experimentda_id	xnat_experimentData_share655		xnat_experimentData_share.sharing_share_xnat_experimentda_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/xft_version	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data656		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/last_modified	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data657		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/status	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data658		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.status
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/activation_date	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data659		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data660		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/insert_date	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data661		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data662		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data663		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/origin	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data664		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.origin
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/modified	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data665		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/shareable	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data666		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.shareable
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/meta_data_id	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data667		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/title	xnat_investigatorData668		xnat_investigatorData.title
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/firstname	xnat_investigatorData669		xnat_investigatorData.firstname
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/lastname	xnat_investigatorData670		xnat_investigatorData.lastname
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/institution	xnat_investigatorData671		xnat_investigatorData.institution
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/department	xnat_investigatorData672		xnat_investigatorData.department
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/email	xnat_investigatorData673		xnat_investigatorData.email
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/phone	xnat_investigatorData674		xnat_investigatorData.phone
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/ID   xnat_investigatorData675		xnat_investigatorData.id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/investigatordata_info	xnat_investigatorData676		xnat_investigatorData.investigatordata_info
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/xnat_investigatorData_id	xnat_investigatorData677		xnat_investigatorData.xnat_investigatordata_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/xft_version	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data678		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/last_modified	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data679		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/status	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data680		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.status
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/activation_date	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data681		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data682		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/insert_date	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data683		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data684		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data685		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/origin	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data686		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.origin
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/modified	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data687		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/shareable	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data688		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/meta_data_id	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data689		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/validation/method xnat_validationData690		xnat_validationData.method
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/validation/date   xnat_validationData691		xnat_validationData.date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/validation/notes  xnat_validationData692		xnat_validationData.notes
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/validation/validated_by	xnat_validationData693		xnat_validationData.validated_by
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/validation/status xnat_validationData694		xnat_validationData.status
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/validation/validationdata_info	xnat_validationData695		xnat_validationData.validationdata_info
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/validation/xnat_validationData_id	xnat_validationData696		xnat_validationData.xnat_validationdata_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/xft_version	xnat_validationData_meta_data697		xnat_validationData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/last_modified	xnat_validationData_meta_data698		xnat_validationData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/status	xnat_validationData_meta_data699		xnat_validationData_meta_data.status
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/activation_date	xnat_validationData_meta_data700		xnat_validationData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_validationData_meta_data701		xnat_validationData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/insert_date	xnat_validationData_meta_data702		xnat_validationData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_validationData_meta_data703		xnat_validationData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_validationData_meta_data704		xnat_validationData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/origin	xnat_validationData_meta_data705		xnat_validationData_meta_data.origin
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/modified	xnat_validationData_meta_data706		xnat_validationData_meta_data.modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/shareable	xnat_validationData_meta_data707		xnat_validationData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/meta_data_id	xnat_validationData_meta_data708		xnat_validationData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/note	xnat_abstractResource709		xnat_abstractResource.note
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/label	xnat_abstractResource710		xnat_abstractResource.label
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/file_count	xnat_abstractResource711		xnat_abstractResource.file_count
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/file_size	xnat_abstractResource712		xnat_abstractResource.file_size
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/extension	xnat_abstractResource713		xnat_abstractResource.extension
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/abstractresource_info	xnat_abstractResource714		xnat_abstractResource.abstractresource_info
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/xnat_abstractResource_id	xnat_abstractResource715		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id	xnat_abstractResource716		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/tag	xnat_abstractResource_tag717		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tag
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/name	xnat_abstractResource_tag718		xnat_abstractResource_tag.name
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/abstractresource_tag_info	xnat_abstractResource_tag719		xnat_abstractResource_tag.abstractresource_tag_info
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/xnat_abstractResource_tag_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag720		xnat_abstractResource_tag.xnat_abstractresource_tag_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag721		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/xft_version	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data722		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/last_modified	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data723		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/status	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data724		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.status
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/activation_date	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data725		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data726		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/insert_date	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data727		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data728		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data729		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/origin	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data730		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.origin
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/modified	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data731		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/shareable	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data732		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.shareable
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/meta_data_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data733		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/extension_item/element_name	xdat_meta_element734		xdat_meta_element.element_name
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id	xdat_meta_element735		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/xft_version	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data736		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/last_modified	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data737		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/status	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data738		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.status
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/activation_date	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data739		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data740		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/insert_date	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data741		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data742		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data743		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/origin	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data744		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.origin
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/modified	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data745		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/shareable	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data746		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.shareable
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/meta_data_id	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data747		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/field	xnat_experimentData_field748		xnat_experimentData_field.field
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/name xnat_experimentData_field749		xnat_experimentData_field.name
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/experimentdata_field_info	xnat_experimentData_field750		xnat_experimentData_field.experimentdata_field_info
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/xnat_experimentData_field_id	xnat_experimentData_field751		xnat_experimentData_field.xnat_experimentdata_field_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/fields_field_xnat_experimentdat_id	xnat_experimentData_field752		xnat_experimentData_field.fields_field_xnat_experimentdat_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/xft_version	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data753		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/last_modified	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data754		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/status	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data755		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.status
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/activation_date	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data756		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data757		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/insert_date	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data758		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data759		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data760		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/origin	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data761		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.origin
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/modified	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data762		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/shareable	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data763		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.shareable
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/meta_data_id	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data764		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/extension_item/element_name	xdat_meta_element765		xdat_meta_element.element_name
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id	xdat_meta_element766		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/meta/xft_version  xnat_experimentData_meta_data767		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/meta/last_modified	xnat_experimentData_meta_data768		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/meta/status       xnat_experimentData_meta_data769		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.status
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/meta/activation_date	xnat_experimentData_meta_data770		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_experimentData_meta_data771		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/meta/insert_date  xnat_experimentData_meta_data772		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_experimentData_meta_data773		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_experimentData_meta_data774		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/meta/origin       xnat_experimentData_meta_data775		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.origin
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/meta/modified     xnat_experimentData_meta_data776		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/meta/shareable    xnat_experimentData_meta_data777		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/meta/meta_data_id xnat_experimentData_meta_data778		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/process_info          prov_process779		prov_process.process_info
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/prov_process_id       prov_process780		prov_process.prov_process_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/program   prov_processStep781		prov_processStep.program
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/program/version	prov_processStep782		prov_processStep.program_version
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/program/arguments	prov_processStep783		prov_processStep.program_arguments
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/timestamp prov_processStep784		prov_processStep.timestamp
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/cvs       prov_processStep785		prov_processStep.cvs
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/user      prov_processStep786		prov_processStep.user_name
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/machine   prov_processStep787		prov_processStep.machine
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/platform  prov_processStep788		prov_processStep.platform
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/platform/version	prov_processStep789		prov_processStep.platform_version
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/compiler  prov_processStep790		prov_processStep.compiler
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/compiler/version	prov_processStep791		prov_processStep.compiler_version
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/processstep_info	prov_processStep792		prov_processStep.processstep_info
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/prov_processStep_id	prov_processStep793		prov_processStep.prov_processstep_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/prov_process_prov_process_id	prov_processStep794		prov_processStep.prov_process_prov_process_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/library	prov_processStep_library795		prov_processStep_library.library
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/version	prov_processStep_library796		prov_processStep_library.version
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/processstep_library_info	prov_processStep_library797		prov_processStep_library.processstep_library_info
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/prov_processStep_library_id	prov_processStep_library798		prov_processStep_library.prov_processstep_library_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/prov_processstep_prov_processstep_id	prov_processStep_library799		prov_processStep_library.prov_processstep_prov_processstep_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/xft_version	prov_processStep_library_meta_data800		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/last_modified	prov_processStep_library_meta_data801		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/status	prov_processStep_library_meta_data802		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.status
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/activation_date	prov_processStep_library_meta_data803		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/row_last_modified	prov_processStep_library_meta_data804		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/insert_date	prov_processStep_library_meta_data805		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	prov_processStep_library_meta_data806		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	prov_processStep_library_meta_data807		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/origin	prov_processStep_library_meta_data808		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.origin
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/modified	prov_processStep_library_meta_data809		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/shareable	prov_processStep_library_meta_data810		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.shareable
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/meta_data_id	prov_processStep_library_meta_data811		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/xft_version	prov_processStep_meta_data812		prov_processStep_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/last_modified	prov_processStep_meta_data813		prov_processStep_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/status	prov_processStep_meta_data814		prov_processStep_meta_data.status
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/activation_date	prov_processStep_meta_data815		prov_processStep_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/row_last_modified	prov_processStep_meta_data816		prov_processStep_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/insert_date	prov_processStep_meta_data817		prov_processStep_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	prov_processStep_meta_data818		prov_processStep_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	prov_processStep_meta_data819		prov_processStep_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/origin	prov_processStep_meta_data820		prov_processStep_meta_data.origin
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/modified	prov_processStep_meta_data821		prov_processStep_meta_data.modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/shareable	prov_processStep_meta_data822		prov_processStep_meta_data.shareable
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/meta_data_id	prov_processStep_meta_data823		prov_processStep_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/meta/xft_version      prov_process_meta_data824		prov_process_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/meta/last_modified    prov_process_meta_data825		prov_process_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/meta/status           prov_process_meta_data826		prov_process_meta_data.status
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/meta/activation_date  prov_process_meta_data827		prov_process_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/meta/row_last_modified	prov_process_meta_data828		prov_process_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/meta/insert_date      prov_process_meta_data829		prov_process_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	prov_process_meta_data830		prov_process_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	prov_process_meta_data831		prov_process_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/meta/origin           prov_process_meta_data832		prov_process_meta_data.origin
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/meta/modified         prov_process_meta_data833		prov_process_meta_data.modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/meta/shareable        prov_process_meta_data834		prov_process_meta_data.shareable
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/meta/meta_data_id     prov_process_meta_data835		prov_process_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/meta/xft_version                 xnat_derivedData_meta_data836		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/meta/last_modified               xnat_derivedData_meta_data837		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/meta/status                      xnat_derivedData_meta_data838		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.status
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/meta/activation_date             xnat_derivedData_meta_data839		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/meta/row_last_modified           xnat_derivedData_meta_data840		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/meta/insert_date                 xnat_derivedData_meta_data841		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_derivedData_meta_data842		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id    xnat_derivedData_meta_data843		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/meta/origin                      xnat_derivedData_meta_data844		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.origin
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/meta/modified                    xnat_derivedData_meta_data845		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/meta/shareable                   xnat_derivedData_meta_data846		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/meta/meta_data_id                xnat_derivedData_meta_data847		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/note                                 xnat_abstractResource848		xnat_abstractResource.note
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/label                                xnat_abstractResource849		xnat_abstractResource.label
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/file_count                           xnat_abstractResource850		xnat_abstractResource.file_count
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/file_size                            xnat_abstractResource851		xnat_abstractResource.file_size
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/extension                            xnat_abstractResource852		xnat_abstractResource.extension
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/abstractresource_info                xnat_abstractResource853		xnat_abstractResource.abstractresource_info
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/xnat_abstractResource_id             xnat_abstractResource854		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id	xnat_abstractResource855		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/tags/tag/tag                         xnat_abstractResource_tag856		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tag
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/tags/tag/name                        xnat_abstractResource_tag857		xnat_abstractResource_tag.name
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/tags/tag/abstractresource_tag_info   xnat_abstractResource_tag858		xnat_abstractResource_tag.abstractresource_tag_info
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/tags/tag/xnat_abstractResource_tag_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag859		xnat_abstractResource_tag.xnat_abstractresource_tag_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/tags/tag/tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag860		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/tags/tag/meta/xft_version            xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data861		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/tags/tag/meta/last_modified          xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data862		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/tags/tag/meta/status                 xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data863		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.status
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/tags/tag/meta/activation_date        xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data864		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/tags/tag/meta/row_last_modified      xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data865		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/tags/tag/meta/insert_date            xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data866		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/tags/tag/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data867		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/tags/tag/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data868		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/tags/tag/meta/origin                 xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data869		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.origin
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/tags/tag/meta/modified               xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data870		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/tags/tag/meta/shareable              xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data871		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.shareable
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/tags/tag/meta/meta_data_id           xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data872		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/extension_item/element_name          xdat_meta_element873		xdat_meta_element.element_name
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id  xdat_meta_element874		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/meta/xft_version                     xnat_abstractResource_meta_data875		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/meta/last_modified                   xnat_abstractResource_meta_data876		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/meta/status                          xnat_abstractResource_meta_data877		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.status
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/meta/activation_date                 xnat_abstractResource_meta_data878		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/meta/row_last_modified               xnat_abstractResource_meta_data879		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/meta/insert_date                     xnat_abstractResource_meta_data880		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id    xnat_abstractResource_meta_data881		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id        xnat_abstractResource_meta_data882		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/meta/origin                          xnat_abstractResource_meta_data883		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.origin
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/meta/modified                        xnat_abstractResource_meta_data884		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/meta/shareable                       xnat_abstractResource_meta_data885		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.shareable
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/meta/meta_data_id                    xnat_abstractResource_meta_data886		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/note                                xnat_abstractResource887		xnat_abstractResource.note
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/label                               xnat_abstractResource888		xnat_abstractResource.label
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/file_count                          xnat_abstractResource889		xnat_abstractResource.file_count
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/file_size                           xnat_abstractResource890		xnat_abstractResource.file_size
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/extension                           xnat_abstractResource891		xnat_abstractResource.extension
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/abstractresource_info               xnat_abstractResource892		xnat_abstractResource.abstractresource_info
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/xnat_abstractResource_id            xnat_abstractResource893		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id	xnat_abstractResource894		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/tags/tag/tag                        xnat_abstractResource_tag895		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tag
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/tags/tag/name                       xnat_abstractResource_tag896		xnat_abstractResource_tag.name
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/tags/tag/abstractresource_tag_info  xnat_abstractResource_tag897		xnat_abstractResource_tag.abstractresource_tag_info
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/tags/tag/xnat_abstractResource_tag_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag898		xnat_abstractResource_tag.xnat_abstractresource_tag_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/tags/tag/tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag899		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/tags/tag/meta/xft_version           xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data900		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/tags/tag/meta/last_modified         xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data901		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/tags/tag/meta/status                xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data902		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.status
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/tags/tag/meta/activation_date       xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data903		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/tags/tag/meta/row_last_modified     xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data904		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/tags/tag/meta/insert_date           xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data905		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/tags/tag/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data906		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/tags/tag/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data907		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/tags/tag/meta/origin                xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data908		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.origin
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/tags/tag/meta/modified              xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data909		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/tags/tag/meta/shareable             xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data910		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.shareable
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/tags/tag/meta/meta_data_id          xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data911		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/extension_item/element_name         xdat_meta_element912		xdat_meta_element.element_name
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id xdat_meta_element913		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/meta/xft_version                    xnat_abstractResource_meta_data914		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/meta/last_modified                  xnat_abstractResource_meta_data915		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/meta/status                         xnat_abstractResource_meta_data916		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.status
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/meta/activation_date                xnat_abstractResource_meta_data917		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/meta/row_last_modified              xnat_abstractResource_meta_data918		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/meta/insert_date                    xnat_abstractResource_meta_data919		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id   xnat_abstractResource_meta_data920		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id       xnat_abstractResource_meta_data921		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/meta/origin                         xnat_abstractResource_meta_data922		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.origin
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/meta/modified                       xnat_abstractResource_meta_data923		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/meta/shareable                      xnat_abstractResource_meta_data924		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.shareable
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/meta/meta_data_id                   xnat_abstractResource_meta_data925		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/parameters/addParam/addField                 xnat_addField926		xnat_addField.addfield
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/parameters/addParam/name                     xnat_addField927		xnat_addField.name
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/parameters/addParam/addfield_info            xnat_addField928		xnat_addField.addfield_info
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/parameters/addParam/xnat_addField_id         xnat_addField929		xnat_addField.xnat_addfield_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/parameters/addParam/parameters_addparam_xnat_mrscan_xnat_imagescandata_id	xnat_addField930		xnat_addField.parameters_addparam_xnat_mrscan_xnat_imagescandata_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/parameters/addParam/parameters_addparam_xnat_recons_xnat_reconstructedimagedata_id	xnat_addField931		xnat_addField.parameters_addparam_xnat_recons_xnat_reconstructedimagedata_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/parameters/addParam/parameters_addparam_xnat_petsca_xnat_imagescandata_id	xnat_addField932		xnat_addField.parameters_addparam_xnat_petsca_xnat_imagescandata_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/parameters/addParam/parameters_addparam_xnat_imagea_id	xnat_addField933		xnat_addField.parameters_addparam_xnat_imagea_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/parameters/addParam/meta/xft_version         xnat_addField_meta_data934		xnat_addField_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/parameters/addParam/meta/last_modified       xnat_addField_meta_data935		xnat_addField_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/parameters/addParam/meta/status              xnat_addField_meta_data936		xnat_addField_meta_data.status
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/parameters/addParam/meta/activation_date     xnat_addField_meta_data937		xnat_addField_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/parameters/addParam/meta/row_last_modified   xnat_addField_meta_data938		xnat_addField_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/parameters/addParam/meta/insert_date         xnat_addField_meta_data939		xnat_addField_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/parameters/addParam/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_addField_meta_data940		xnat_addField_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/parameters/addParam/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_addField_meta_data941		xnat_addField_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/parameters/addParam/meta/origin              xnat_addField_meta_data942		xnat_addField_meta_data.origin
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/parameters/addParam/meta/modified            xnat_addField_meta_data943		xnat_addField_meta_data.modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/parameters/addParam/meta/shareable           xnat_addField_meta_data944		xnat_addField_meta_data.shareable
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/parameters/addParam/meta/meta_data_id        xnat_addField_meta_data945		xnat_addField_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/meta/xft_version                             xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data946		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/meta/last_modified                           xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data947		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/meta/status                                  xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data948		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.status
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/meta/activation_date                         xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data949		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/meta/row_last_modified                       xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data950		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/meta/insert_date                             xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data951		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id            xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data952		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data953		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/meta/origin                                  xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data954		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.origin
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/meta/modified                                xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data955		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/meta/shareable                               xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data956		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/meta/meta_data_id                            xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data957		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/meta/xft_version                                                xnat_imageSessionData_meta_data958		xnat_imageSessionData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/meta/last_modified                                              xnat_imageSessionData_meta_data959		xnat_imageSessionData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/meta/status                                                     xnat_imageSessionData_meta_data960		xnat_imageSessionData_meta_data.status
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/meta/activation_date                                            xnat_imageSessionData_meta_data961		xnat_imageSessionData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/meta/row_last_modified                                          xnat_imageSessionData_meta_data962		xnat_imageSessionData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/meta/insert_date                                                xnat_imageSessionData_meta_data963		xnat_imageSessionData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                               xnat_imageSessionData_meta_data964		xnat_imageSessionData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                                   xnat_imageSessionData_meta_data965		xnat_imageSessionData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/meta/origin                                                     xnat_imageSessionData_meta_data966		xnat_imageSessionData_meta_data.origin
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/meta/modified                                                   xnat_imageSessionData_meta_data967		xnat_imageSessionData_meta_data.modified
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/meta/shareable                                                  xnat_imageSessionData_meta_data968		xnat_imageSessionData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:mrSessionData/imageSessionData/meta/meta_data_id                                               xnat_imageSessionData_meta_data969		xnat_imageSessionData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:mrSessionData/meta/xft_version                                                                 xnat_mrSessionData_meta_data970		xnat_mrSessionData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:mrSessionData/meta/last_modified                                                               xnat_mrSessionData_meta_data971		xnat_mrSessionData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/meta/status                                                                      xnat_mrSessionData_meta_data972		xnat_mrSessionData_meta_data.status
xnat:mrSessionData/meta/activation_date                                                             xnat_mrSessionData_meta_data973		xnat_mrSessionData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:mrSessionData/meta/row_last_modified                                                           xnat_mrSessionData_meta_data974		xnat_mrSessionData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:mrSessionData/meta/insert_date                                                                 xnat_mrSessionData_meta_data975		xnat_mrSessionData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:mrSessionData/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                                                xnat_mrSessionData_meta_data976		xnat_mrSessionData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                                                    xnat_mrSessionData_meta_data977		xnat_mrSessionData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrSessionData/meta/origin                                                                      xnat_mrSessionData_meta_data978		xnat_mrSessionData_meta_data.origin
xnat:mrSessionData/meta/modified                                                                    xnat_mrSessionData_meta_data979		xnat_mrSessionData_meta_data.modified
xnat:mrSessionData/meta/shareable                                                                   xnat_mrSessionData_meta_data980		xnat_mrSessionData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:mrSessionData/meta/meta_data_id                                                                xnat_mrSessionData_meta_data981		xnat_mrSessionData_meta_data.meta_data_id
