

*********************************************

ac_s_xnat_a_scidResearchData_r
(ACTIVE - MULTIPLE - ROOT)

xnat_a:scidResearchData/id                                                                          xnat_a_scidResearchData0		xnat_experimentData.id
xnat_a:scidResearchData/administrator                                                               xnat_a_scidResearchData1		xnat_a_scidResearchData.administrator
xnat_a:scidResearchData/moodEpisodes/currentMajorDepressiveEpisode                                  xnat_a_scidResearchData2		xnat_a_scidResearchData.moodepisodes_currentmajordepressiveepisode
xnat_a:scidResearchData/moodEpisodes/pastMajorDepressiveEpisode                                     xnat_a_scidResearchData3		xnat_a_scidResearchData.moodepisodes_pastmajordepressiveepisode
xnat_a:scidResearchData/moodEpisodes/currentManicEpisode                                            xnat_a_scidResearchData4		xnat_a_scidResearchData.moodepisodes_currentmanicepisode
xnat_a:scidResearchData/moodEpisodes/pastManicEpisode                                               xnat_a_scidResearchData5		xnat_a_scidResearchData.moodepisodes_pastmanicepisode
xnat_a:scidResearchData/moodEpisodes/currentHypomanicEpisode                                        xnat_a_scidResearchData6		xnat_a_scidResearchData.moodepisodes_currenthypomanicepisode
xnat_a:scidResearchData/moodEpisodes/pastHypomanicEpisode                                           xnat_a_scidResearchData7		xnat_a_scidResearchData.moodepisodes_pasthypomanicepisode
xnat_a:scidResearchData/moodEpisodes/currentDysthmicEpisode                                         xnat_a_scidResearchData8		xnat_a_scidResearchData.moodepisodes_currentdysthmicepisode
xnat_a:scidResearchData/moodEpisodes/currentMoodDisorderDueToMedicalCondition                       xnat_a_scidResearchData9		xnat_a_scidResearchData.moodepisodes_currentmooddisorderduetomedicalcondition
xnat_a:scidResearchData/moodEpisodes/pastMoodDisorderDueToMedicalCondition                          xnat_a_scidResearchData10		xnat_a_scidResearchData.moodepisodes_pastmooddisorderduetomedicalcondition
xnat_a:scidResearchData/moodEpisodes/currentSubstanceInducedMoodDisorder                            xnat_a_scidResearchData11		xnat_a_scidResearchData.moodepisodes_currentsubstanceinducedmooddisorder
xnat_a:scidResearchData/moodEpisodes/pastSubstanceInducedMoodDisorder                               xnat_a_scidResearchData12		xnat_a_scidResearchData.moodepisodes_pastsubstanceinducedmooddisorder
xnat_a:scidResearchData/psychoticSymptoms/currentDelusions                                          xnat_a_scidResearchData13		xnat_a_scidResearchData.psychoticsymptoms_currentdelusions
xnat_a:scidResearchData/psychoticSymptoms/pastDelusions                                             xnat_a_scidResearchData14		xnat_a_scidResearchData.psychoticsymptoms_pastdelusions
xnat_a:scidResearchData/psychoticSymptoms/currentHallucinations                                     xnat_a_scidResearchData15		xnat_a_scidResearchData.psychoticsymptoms_currenthallucinations
xnat_a:scidResearchData/psychoticSymptoms/pastHallucinations                                        xnat_a_scidResearchData16		xnat_a_scidResearchData.psychoticsymptoms_pasthallucinations
xnat_a:scidResearchData/psychoticSymptoms/currentDisorganizedSpeechBehavior                         xnat_a_scidResearchData17		xnat_a_scidResearchData.psychoticsymptoms_currentdisorganizedspeechbehavior
xnat_a:scidResearchData/psychoticSymptoms/pastDisorganizedSpeechBehavior                            xnat_a_scidResearchData18		xnat_a_scidResearchData.psychoticsymptoms_pastdisorganizedspeechbehavior
xnat_a:scidResearchData/psychoticSymptoms/currentCatatonicBehavior                                  xnat_a_scidResearchData19		xnat_a_scidResearchData.psychoticsymptoms_currentcatatonicbehavior
xnat_a:scidResearchData/psychoticSymptoms/pastCatatonicBehavior                                     xnat_a_scidResearchData20		xnat_a_scidResearchData.psychoticsymptoms_pastcatatonicbehavior
xnat_a:scidResearchData/psychoticSymptoms/currentNegativeSymptoms                                   xnat_a_scidResearchData21		xnat_a_scidResearchData.psychoticsymptoms_currentnegativesymptoms
xnat_a:scidResearchData/psychoticSymptoms/pastNegativeSymptoms                                      xnat_a_scidResearchData22		xnat_a_scidResearchData.psychoticsymptoms_pastnegativesymptoms
xnat_a:scidResearchData/psychoticDisorders/currentSchizophrenia                                     xnat_a_scidResearchData23		xnat_a_scidResearchData.psychoticdisorders_currentschizophrenia
xnat_a:scidResearchData/psychoticDisorders/pastSchizophrenia                                        xnat_a_scidResearchData24		xnat_a_scidResearchData.psychoticdisorders_pastschizophrenia
xnat_a:scidResearchData/psychoticDisorders/currentParanoidType                                      xnat_a_scidResearchData25		xnat_a_scidResearchData.psychoticdisorders_currentparanoidtype
xnat_a:scidResearchData/psychoticDisorders/pastParanoidType                                         xnat_a_scidResearchData26		xnat_a_scidResearchData.psychoticdisorders_pastparanoidtype
xnat_a:scidResearchData/psychoticDisorders/currentCatatonicType                                     xnat_a_scidResearchData27		xnat_a_scidResearchData.psychoticdisorders_currentcatatonictype
xnat_a:scidResearchData/psychoticDisorders/pastCatatonicType                                        xnat_a_scidResearchData28		xnat_a_scidResearchData.psychoticdisorders_pastcatatonictype
xnat_a:scidResearchData/psychoticDisorders/currentDisorganizedType                                  xnat_a_scidResearchData29		xnat_a_scidResearchData.psychoticdisorders_currentdisorganizedtype
xnat_a:scidResearchData/psychoticDisorders/pastDisorganizedType                                     xnat_a_scidResearchData30		xnat_a_scidResearchData.psychoticdisorders_pastdisorganizedtype
xnat_a:scidResearchData/psychoticDisorders/currentUndifferentiatedType                              xnat_a_scidResearchData31		xnat_a_scidResearchData.psychoticdisorders_currentundifferentiatedtype
xnat_a:scidResearchData/psychoticDisorders/pastUndifferentiatedType                                 xnat_a_scidResearchData32		xnat_a_scidResearchData.psychoticdisorders_pastundifferentiatedtype
xnat_a:scidResearchData/psychoticDisorders/currentResidualType                                      xnat_a_scidResearchData33		xnat_a_scidResearchData.psychoticdisorders_currentresidualtype
xnat_a:scidResearchData/psychoticDisorders/pastResidualType                                         xnat_a_scidResearchData34		xnat_a_scidResearchData.psychoticdisorders_pastresidualtype
xnat_a:scidResearchData/psychoticDisorders/currentSchizophreniformDisorder                          xnat_a_scidResearchData35		xnat_a_scidResearchData.psychoticdisorders_currentschizophreniformdisorder
xnat_a:scidResearchData/psychoticDisorders/pastSchizophreniformDisorder                             xnat_a_scidResearchData36		xnat_a_scidResearchData.psychoticdisorders_pastschizophreniformdisorder
xnat_a:scidResearchData/psychoticDisorders/currentSchizoaffectiveDisorder                           xnat_a_scidResearchData37		xnat_a_scidResearchData.psychoticdisorders_currentschizoaffectivedisorder
xnat_a:scidResearchData/psychoticDisorders/pastSchizoaffectiveDisorder                              xnat_a_scidResearchData38		xnat_a_scidResearchData.psychoticdisorders_pastschizoaffectivedisorder
xnat_a:scidResearchData/psychoticDisorders/currentDelusionalDisorder                                xnat_a_scidResearchData39		xnat_a_scidResearchData.psychoticdisorders_currentdelusionaldisorder
xnat_a:scidResearchData/psychoticDisorders/pastDelusionalDisorder                                   xnat_a_scidResearchData40		xnat_a_scidResearchData.psychoticdisorders_pastdelusionaldisorder
xnat_a:scidResearchData/psychoticDisorders/currentBriefPsychoticDisorder                            xnat_a_scidResearchData41		xnat_a_scidResearchData.psychoticdisorders_currentbriefpsychoticdisorder
xnat_a:scidResearchData/psychoticDisorders/pastBriefPsychoticDisorder                               xnat_a_scidResearchData42		xnat_a_scidResearchData.psychoticdisorders_pastbriefpsychoticdisorder
xnat_a:scidResearchData/psychoticDisorders/currentPsychoticDisorderDueToMedicalCondition            xnat_a_scidResearchData43		xnat_a_scidResearchData.psychoticdisorders_currentpsychoticdisorderduetomedicalconditio
xnat_a:scidResearchData/psychoticDisorders/pastPsychoticDisorderDueToMedicalCondition               xnat_a_scidResearchData44		xnat_a_scidResearchData.psychoticdisorders_pastpsychoticdisorderduetomedicalcondition
xnat_a:scidResearchData/psychoticDisorders/currentSubstanceInducedPsychoticDisorder                 xnat_a_scidResearchData45		xnat_a_scidResearchData.psychoticdisorders_currentsubstanceinducedpsychoticdisorder
xnat_a:scidResearchData/psychoticDisorders/pastSubstanceInducedPsychoticDisorder                    xnat_a_scidResearchData46		xnat_a_scidResearchData.psychoticdisorders_pastsubstanceinducedpsychoticdisorder
xnat_a:scidResearchData/psychoticDisorders/currentPsychoticDisorderNOS                              xnat_a_scidResearchData47		xnat_a_scidResearchData.psychoticdisorders_currentpsychoticdisordernos
xnat_a:scidResearchData/psychoticDisorders/pastPsychoticDisorderNOS                                 xnat_a_scidResearchData48		xnat_a_scidResearchData.psychoticdisorders_pastpsychoticdisordernos
xnat_a:scidResearchData/moodDisorders/currentBipolar1Disorder                                       xnat_a_scidResearchData49		xnat_a_scidResearchData.mooddisorders_currentbipolar1disorder
xnat_a:scidResearchData/moodDisorders/pastBipolar1Disorder                                          xnat_a_scidResearchData50		xnat_a_scidResearchData.mooddisorders_pastbipolar1disorder
xnat_a:scidResearchData/moodDisorders/currentBipolar2Disorder                                       xnat_a_scidResearchData51		xnat_a_scidResearchData.mooddisorders_currentbipolar2disorder
xnat_a:scidResearchData/moodDisorders/pastBipolar2Disorder                                          xnat_a_scidResearchData52		xnat_a_scidResearchData.mooddisorders_pastbipolar2disorder
xnat_a:scidResearchData/moodDisorders/currentOtherBipolarDisorder                                   xnat_a_scidResearchData53		xnat_a_scidResearchData.mooddisorders_currentotherbipolardisorder
xnat_a:scidResearchData/moodDisorders/pastOtherBipolarDisorder                                      xnat_a_scidResearchData54		xnat_a_scidResearchData.mooddisorders_pastotherbipolardisorder
xnat_a:scidResearchData/moodDisorders/currentMajorDepressiveDisorder                                xnat_a_scidResearchData55		xnat_a_scidResearchData.mooddisorders_currentmajordepressivedisorder
xnat_a:scidResearchData/moodDisorders/pastMajorDepressiveDisorder                                   xnat_a_scidResearchData56		xnat_a_scidResearchData.mooddisorders_pastmajordepressivedisorder
xnat_a:scidResearchData/moodDisorders/currentDepressiveDisorderNOS                                  xnat_a_scidResearchData57		xnat_a_scidResearchData.mooddisorders_currentdepressivedisordernos
xnat_a:scidResearchData/moodDisorders/pastDepressiveDisorderNOS                                     xnat_a_scidResearchData58		xnat_a_scidResearchData.mooddisorders_pastdepressivedisordernos
xnat_a:scidResearchData/substanceUseDisorders/currentAlcoholDependence                              xnat_a_scidResearchData59		xnat_a_scidResearchData.substanceusedisorders_currentalcoholdependence
xnat_a:scidResearchData/substanceUseDisorders/pastAlcoholDependence                                 xnat_a_scidResearchData60		xnat_a_scidResearchData.substanceusedisorders_pastalcoholdependence
xnat_a:scidResearchData/substanceUseDisorders/currentAlcoholAbuse                                   xnat_a_scidResearchData61		xnat_a_scidResearchData.substanceusedisorders_currentalcoholabuse
xnat_a:scidResearchData/substanceUseDisorders/pastAlcoholAbuse                                      xnat_a_scidResearchData62		xnat_a_scidResearchData.substanceusedisorders_pastalcoholabuse
xnat_a:scidResearchData/substanceUseDisorders/currentAmphetamineDependence                          xnat_a_scidResearchData63		xnat_a_scidResearchData.substanceusedisorders_currentamphetaminedependence
xnat_a:scidResearchData/substanceUseDisorders/pastAmphetamineDependence                             xnat_a_scidResearchData64		xnat_a_scidResearchData.substanceusedisorders_pastamphetaminedependence
xnat_a:scidResearchData/substanceUseDisorders/currentAmphetamineAbuse                               xnat_a_scidResearchData65		xnat_a_scidResearchData.substanceusedisorders_currentamphetamineabuse
xnat_a:scidResearchData/substanceUseDisorders/pastAmphetamineAbuse                                  xnat_a_scidResearchData66		xnat_a_scidResearchData.substanceusedisorders_pastamphetamineabuse
xnat_a:scidResearchData/substanceUseDisorders/currentCannabisDependence                             xnat_a_scidResearchData67		xnat_a_scidResearchData.substanceusedisorders_currentcannabisdependence
xnat_a:scidResearchData/substanceUseDisorders/pastCannabisDependence                                xnat_a_scidResearchData68		xnat_a_scidResearchData.substanceusedisorders_pastcannabisdependence
xnat_a:scidResearchData/substanceUseDisorders/currentCannabisAbuse                                  xnat_a_scidResearchData69		xnat_a_scidResearchData.substanceusedisorders_currentcannabisabuse
xnat_a:scidResearchData/substanceUseDisorders/pastCannabisAbuse                                     xnat_a_scidResearchData70		xnat_a_scidResearchData.substanceusedisorders_pastcannabisabuse
xnat_a:scidResearchData/substanceUseDisorders/currentCocaineDependence                              xnat_a_scidResearchData71		xnat_a_scidResearchData.substanceusedisorders_currentcocainedependence
xnat_a:scidResearchData/substanceUseDisorders/pastCocaineDependence                                 xnat_a_scidResearchData72		xnat_a_scidResearchData.substanceusedisorders_pastcocainedependence
xnat_a:scidResearchData/substanceUseDisorders/currentCocaineAbuse                                   xnat_a_scidResearchData73		xnat_a_scidResearchData.substanceusedisorders_currentcocaineabuse
xnat_a:scidResearchData/substanceUseDisorders/pastCocaineAbuse                                      xnat_a_scidResearchData74		xnat_a_scidResearchData.substanceusedisorders_pastcocaineabuse
xnat_a:scidResearchData/substanceUseDisorders/currentHallucinogenDependence                         xnat_a_scidResearchData75		xnat_a_scidResearchData.substanceusedisorders_currenthallucinogendependence
xnat_a:scidResearchData/substanceUseDisorders/pastHallucinogenDependence                            xnat_a_scidResearchData76		xnat_a_scidResearchData.substanceusedisorders_pasthallucinogendependence
xnat_a:scidResearchData/substanceUseDisorders/currentHallucinogenAbuse                              xnat_a_scidResearchData77		xnat_a_scidResearchData.substanceusedisorders_currenthallucinogenabuse
xnat_a:scidResearchData/substanceUseDisorders/pastHallucinogenAbuse                                 xnat_a_scidResearchData78		xnat_a_scidResearchData.substanceusedisorders_pasthallucinogenabuse
xnat_a:scidResearchData/substanceUseDisorders/currentOpioidDependence                               xnat_a_scidResearchData79		xnat_a_scidResearchData.substanceusedisorders_currentopioiddependence
xnat_a:scidResearchData/substanceUseDisorders/pastOpioidDependence                                  xnat_a_scidResearchData80		xnat_a_scidResearchData.substanceusedisorders_pastopioiddependence
xnat_a:scidResearchData/substanceUseDisorders/currentOpioidAbuse                                    xnat_a_scidResearchData81		xnat_a_scidResearchData.substanceusedisorders_currentopioidabuse
xnat_a:scidResearchData/substanceUseDisorders/pastOpioidAbuse                                       xnat_a_scidResearchData82		xnat_a_scidResearchData.substanceusedisorders_pastopioidabuse
xnat_a:scidResearchData/substanceUseDisorders/currentPhencyclidineDependence                        xnat_a_scidResearchData83		xnat_a_scidResearchData.substanceusedisorders_currentphencyclidinedependence
xnat_a:scidResearchData/substanceUseDisorders/pastPhencyclidineDependence                           xnat_a_scidResearchData84		xnat_a_scidResearchData.substanceusedisorders_pastphencyclidinedependence
xnat_a:scidResearchData/substanceUseDisorders/currentPhencyclidineAbuse                             xnat_a_scidResearchData85		xnat_a_scidResearchData.substanceusedisorders_currentphencyclidineabuse
xnat_a:scidResearchData/substanceUseDisorders/pastPhencyclidineAbuse                                xnat_a_scidResearchData86		xnat_a_scidResearchData.substanceusedisorders_pastphencyclidineabuse
xnat_a:scidResearchData/substanceUseDisorders/currentSedativeHypnoticAnxiolyticDependence           xnat_a_scidResearchData87		xnat_a_scidResearchData.substanceusedisorders_currentsedativehypnoticanxiolyticdependen
xnat_a:scidResearchData/substanceUseDisorders/pastSedativeHypnoticAnxiolyticDependence              xnat_a_scidResearchData88		xnat_a_scidResearchData.substanceusedisorders_pastsedativehypnoticanxiolyticdependence
xnat_a:scidResearchData/substanceUseDisorders/currentSedativeHypnoticAnxiolyticAbuse                xnat_a_scidResearchData89		xnat_a_scidResearchData.substanceusedisorders_currentsedativehypnoticanxiolyticabuse
xnat_a:scidResearchData/substanceUseDisorders/pastSedativeHypnoticAnxiolyticAbuse                   xnat_a_scidResearchData90		xnat_a_scidResearchData.substanceusedisorders_pastsedativehypnoticanxiolyticabuse
xnat_a:scidResearchData/substanceUseDisorders/currentPolysubstanceDependence                        xnat_a_scidResearchData91		xnat_a_scidResearchData.substanceusedisorders_currentpolysubstancedependence
xnat_a:scidResearchData/substanceUseDisorders/pastPolysubstanceDependence                           xnat_a_scidResearchData92		xnat_a_scidResearchData.substanceusedisorders_pastpolysubstancedependence
xnat_a:scidResearchData/substanceUseDisorders/currentOtherOrUnknownDependence                       xnat_a_scidResearchData93		xnat_a_scidResearchData.substanceusedisorders_currentotherorunknowndependence
xnat_a:scidResearchData/substanceUseDisorders/pastOtherOrUnknownDependence                          xnat_a_scidResearchData94		xnat_a_scidResearchData.substanceusedisorders_pastotherorunknowndependence
xnat_a:scidResearchData/substanceUseDisorders/currentOtherOrUnknownAbuse                            xnat_a_scidResearchData95		xnat_a_scidResearchData.substanceusedisorders_currentotherorunknownabuse
xnat_a:scidResearchData/substanceUseDisorders/pastOtherOrUnknownAbuse                               xnat_a_scidResearchData96		xnat_a_scidResearchData.substanceusedisorders_pastotherorunknownabuse
xnat_a:scidResearchData/anxietyDisorders/currentPanicWithAgoraphobia                                xnat_a_scidResearchData97		xnat_a_scidResearchData.anxietydisorders_currentpanicwithagoraphobia
xnat_a:scidResearchData/anxietyDisorders/pastPanicWithAgoraphobia                                   xnat_a_scidResearchData98		xnat_a_scidResearchData.anxietydisorders_pastpanicwithagoraphobia
xnat_a:scidResearchData/anxietyDisorders/currentPanicWithoutAgoraphobia                             xnat_a_scidResearchData99		xnat_a_scidResearchData.anxietydisorders_currentpanicwithoutagoraphobia
xnat_a:scidResearchData/anxietyDisorders/pastPanicWithoutAgoraphobia                                xnat_a_scidResearchData100		xnat_a_scidResearchData.anxietydisorders_pastpanicwithoutagoraphobia
xnat_a:scidResearchData/anxietyDisorders/currentAgoraphobiaWithoutPanicHx                           xnat_a_scidResearchData101		xnat_a_scidResearchData.anxietydisorders_currentagoraphobiawithoutpanichx
xnat_a:scidResearchData/anxietyDisorders/pastAgoraphobiaWithoutPanicHx                              xnat_a_scidResearchData102		xnat_a_scidResearchData.anxietydisorders_pastagoraphobiawithoutpanichx
xnat_a:scidResearchData/anxietyDisorders/currentSocialPhobia                                        xnat_a_scidResearchData103		xnat_a_scidResearchData.anxietydisorders_currentsocialphobia
xnat_a:scidResearchData/anxietyDisorders/pastSocialPhobia                                           xnat_a_scidResearchData104		xnat_a_scidResearchData.anxietydisorders_pastsocialphobia
xnat_a:scidResearchData/anxietyDisorders/currentSpecificPhobia                                      xnat_a_scidResearchData105		xnat_a_scidResearchData.anxietydisorders_currentspecificphobia
xnat_a:scidResearchData/anxietyDisorders/pastSpecificPhobia                                         xnat_a_scidResearchData106		xnat_a_scidResearchData.anxietydisorders_pastspecificphobia
xnat_a:scidResearchData/anxietyDisorders/currentOCD                                                 xnat_a_scidResearchData107		xnat_a_scidResearchData.anxietydisorders_currentocd
xnat_a:scidResearchData/anxietyDisorders/pastOCD                                                    xnat_a_scidResearchData108		xnat_a_scidResearchData.anxietydisorders_pastocd
xnat_a:scidResearchData/anxietyDisorders/currentPTSD                                                xnat_a_scidResearchData109		xnat_a_scidResearchData.anxietydisorders_currentptsd
xnat_a:scidResearchData/anxietyDisorders/pastPTSD                                                   xnat_a_scidResearchData110		xnat_a_scidResearchData.anxietydisorders_pastptsd
xnat_a:scidResearchData/anxietyDisorders/currentGeneralizedAnxietyDisorder                          xnat_a_scidResearchData111		xnat_a_scidResearchData.anxietydisorders_currentgeneralizedanxietydisorder
xnat_a:scidResearchData/anxietyDisorders/currentAnxietyDueToMedicalCondition                        xnat_a_scidResearchData112		xnat_a_scidResearchData.anxietydisorders_currentanxietyduetomedicalcondition
xnat_a:scidResearchData/anxietyDisorders/pastAnxietyDueToMedicalCondition                           xnat_a_scidResearchData113		xnat_a_scidResearchData.anxietydisorders_pastanxietyduetomedicalcondition
xnat_a:scidResearchData/anxietyDisorders/currentSubstanceInducedAnxietyDisorder                     xnat_a_scidResearchData114		xnat_a_scidResearchData.anxietydisorders_currentsubstanceinducedanxietydisorder
xnat_a:scidResearchData/anxietyDisorders/pastSubstanceInducedAnxietyDisorder                        xnat_a_scidResearchData115		xnat_a_scidResearchData.anxietydisorders_pastsubstanceinducedanxietydisorder
xnat_a:scidResearchData/anxietyDisorders/currentAnxietyDisorderNOS                                  xnat_a_scidResearchData116		xnat_a_scidResearchData.anxietydisorders_currentanxietydisordernos
xnat_a:scidResearchData/anxietyDisorders/pastAnxietyDisorderNOS                                     xnat_a_scidResearchData117		xnat_a_scidResearchData.anxietydisorders_pastanxietydisordernos
xnat_a:scidResearchData/somatoformDisorders/somatizationDisorder                                    xnat_a_scidResearchData118		xnat_a_scidResearchData.somatoformdisorders_somatizationdisorder
xnat_a:scidResearchData/somatoformDisorders/undifferentiatedSomatformDisorder                       xnat_a_scidResearchData119		xnat_a_scidResearchData.somatoformdisorders_undifferentiatedsomatformdisorder
xnat_a:scidResearchData/somatoformDisorders/painDisorder                                            xnat_a_scidResearchData120		xnat_a_scidResearchData.somatoformdisorders_paindisorder
xnat_a:scidResearchData/somatoformDisorders/hypochondriasis                                         xnat_a_scidResearchData121		xnat_a_scidResearchData.somatoformdisorders_hypochondriasis
xnat_a:scidResearchData/somatoformDisorders/bodyDysmorphicDisorder                                  xnat_a_scidResearchData122		xnat_a_scidResearchData.somatoformdisorders_bodydysmorphicdisorder
xnat_a:scidResearchData/eatingDisorders/currentAnorexiaNervosa                                      xnat_a_scidResearchData123		xnat_a_scidResearchData.eatingdisorders_currentanorexianervosa
xnat_a:scidResearchData/eatingDisorders/pastAnorexiaNervosa                                         xnat_a_scidResearchData124		xnat_a_scidResearchData.eatingdisorders_pastanorexianervosa
xnat_a:scidResearchData/eatingDisorders/currentBulimiaNervosa                                       xnat_a_scidResearchData125		xnat_a_scidResearchData.eatingdisorders_currentbulimianervosa
xnat_a:scidResearchData/eatingDisorders/pastBulimiaNervosa                                          xnat_a_scidResearchData126		xnat_a_scidResearchData.eatingdisorders_pastbulimianervosa
xnat_a:scidResearchData/eatingDisorders/currentBingeEatingDisorder                                  xnat_a_scidResearchData127		xnat_a_scidResearchData.eatingdisorders_currentbingeeatingdisorder
xnat_a:scidResearchData/eatingDisorders/pastBingeEatingDisorder                                     xnat_a_scidResearchData128		xnat_a_scidResearchData.eatingdisorders_pastbingeeatingdisorder
xnat_a:scidResearchData/adjustmentDisorder                                                          xnat_a_scidResearchData129		xnat_a_scidResearchData.adjustmentdisorder
xnat_a:scidResearchData/optional/currentAcuteStressDisorder                                         xnat_a_scidResearchData130		xnat_a_scidResearchData.optional_currentacutestressdisorder
xnat_a:scidResearchData/optional/pastAcuteStressDisorder                                            xnat_a_scidResearchData131		xnat_a_scidResearchData.optional_pastacutestressdisorder
xnat_a:scidResearchData/optional/currentMinorDepressiveDisorder                                     xnat_a_scidResearchData132		xnat_a_scidResearchData.optional_currentminordepressivedisorder
xnat_a:scidResearchData/optional/pastMinorDepressiveDisorder                                        xnat_a_scidResearchData133		xnat_a_scidResearchData.optional_pastminordepressivedisorder
xnat_a:scidResearchData/optional/currentMixedAnxietyDepressiveDisorder                              xnat_a_scidResearchData134		xnat_a_scidResearchData.optional_currentmixedanxietydepressivedisorder
xnat_a:scidResearchData/optional/pastMixedAnxietyDepressiveDisorder                                 xnat_a_scidResearchData135		xnat_a_scidResearchData.optional_pastmixedanxietydepressivedisorder
xnat_a:scidResearchData/optional/pastSympomaticDetails                                              xnat_a_scidResearchData136		xnat_a_scidResearchData.optional_pastsympomaticdetails
xnat_a:scidResearchData/scidresearchdata_info                                                       xnat_a_scidResearchData137		xnat_a_scidResearchData.scidresearchdata_info
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/id                                                      xnat_subjectAssessorData138		xnat_experimentData.id
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/subject_ID                                              xnat_subjectAssessorData139		xnat_subjectAssessorData.subject_id
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/age                                                     xnat_subjectAssessorData140		xnat_subjectAssessorData.age
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/subjectassessordata_info                                xnat_subjectAssessorData141		xnat_subjectAssessorData.subjectassessordata_info
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/date                                     xnat_experimentData142		xnat_experimentData.date
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/time                                     xnat_experimentData143		xnat_experimentData.time
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/duration                                 xnat_experimentData144		xnat_experimentData.duration
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/delay                                    xnat_experimentData145		xnat_experimentData.delay
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/delay/ref_expt_id                        xnat_experimentData146		xnat_experimentData.delay_ref_expt_id
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/note                                     xnat_experimentData147		xnat_experimentData.note
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator_xnat_investigatordata_id    xnat_experimentData148		xnat_experimentData.investigator_xnat_investigatordata_id
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation_xnat_validationdata_id        xnat_experimentData149		xnat_experimentData.validation_xnat_validationdata_id
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/acquisition_site                         xnat_experimentData150		xnat_experimentData.acquisition_site
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/ID                                       xnat_experimentData151		xnat_experimentData.id
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/project                                  xnat_experimentData152		xnat_experimentData.project
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/visit_id                                 xnat_experimentData153		xnat_experimentData.visit_id
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/visit                                    xnat_experimentData154		xnat_experimentData.visit
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/version                                  xnat_experimentData155		xnat_experimentData.version
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/original                                 xnat_experimentData156		xnat_experimentData.original
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/protocol                                 xnat_experimentData157		xnat_experimentData.protocol
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/label                                    xnat_experimentData158		xnat_experimentData.label
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/extension                                xnat_experimentData159		xnat_experimentData.extension
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/experimentdata_info                      xnat_experimentData160		xnat_experimentData.experimentdata_info
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/share                      xnat_experimentData_share161		xnat_experimentData_share.share
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/label                      xnat_experimentData_share162		xnat_experimentData_share.label
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/project                    xnat_experimentData_share163		xnat_experimentData_share.project
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/visit                      xnat_experimentData_share164		xnat_experimentData_share.visit
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/protocol                   xnat_experimentData_share165		xnat_experimentData_share.protocol
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/experimentdata_share_info  xnat_experimentData_share166		xnat_experimentData_share.experimentdata_share_info
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/xnat_experimentData_share_id	xnat_experimentData_share167		xnat_experimentData_share.xnat_experimentdata_share_id
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/sharing_share_xnat_experimentda_id	xnat_experimentData_share168		xnat_experimentData_share.sharing_share_xnat_experimentda_id
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/xft_version           xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data169		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.xft_version
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/last_modified         xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data170		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.last_modified
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/status                xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data171		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.status
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/activation_date       xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data172		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.activation_date
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/row_last_modified     xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data173		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/insert_date           xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data174		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.insert_date
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data175		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data176		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/origin                xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data177		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.origin
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/modified              xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data178		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.modified
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/shareable             xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data179		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.shareable
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/meta_data_id          xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data180		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/title                       xnat_investigatorData181		xnat_investigatorData.title
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/firstname                   xnat_investigatorData182		xnat_investigatorData.firstname
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/lastname                    xnat_investigatorData183		xnat_investigatorData.lastname
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/institution                 xnat_investigatorData184		xnat_investigatorData.institution
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/department                  xnat_investigatorData185		xnat_investigatorData.department
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/email                       xnat_investigatorData186		xnat_investigatorData.email
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/phone                       xnat_investigatorData187		xnat_investigatorData.phone
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/ID                          xnat_investigatorData188		xnat_investigatorData.id
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/investigatordata_info       xnat_investigatorData189		xnat_investigatorData.investigatordata_info
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/xnat_investigatorData_id    xnat_investigatorData190		xnat_investigatorData.xnat_investigatordata_id
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/xft_version            xnat_investigatorData_meta_data191		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/last_modified          xnat_investigatorData_meta_data192		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/status                 xnat_investigatorData_meta_data193		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.status
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/activation_date        xnat_investigatorData_meta_data194		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/row_last_modified      xnat_investigatorData_meta_data195		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/insert_date            xnat_investigatorData_meta_data196		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data197		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data198		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/origin                 xnat_investigatorData_meta_data199		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.origin
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/modified               xnat_investigatorData_meta_data200		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.modified
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/shareable              xnat_investigatorData_meta_data201		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.shareable
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/meta_data_id           xnat_investigatorData_meta_data202		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/method                        xnat_validationData203		xnat_validationData.method
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/date                          xnat_validationData204		xnat_validationData.date
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/notes                         xnat_validationData205		xnat_validationData.notes
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/validated_by                  xnat_validationData206		xnat_validationData.validated_by
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/status                        xnat_validationData207		xnat_validationData.status
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/validationdata_info           xnat_validationData208		xnat_validationData.validationdata_info
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/xnat_validationData_id        xnat_validationData209		xnat_validationData.xnat_validationdata_id
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/xft_version              xnat_validationData_meta_data210		xnat_validationData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/last_modified            xnat_validationData_meta_data211		xnat_validationData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/status                   xnat_validationData_meta_data212		xnat_validationData_meta_data.status
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/activation_date          xnat_validationData_meta_data213		xnat_validationData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/row_last_modified        xnat_validationData_meta_data214		xnat_validationData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/insert_date              xnat_validationData_meta_data215		xnat_validationData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_validationData_meta_data216		xnat_validationData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id xnat_validationData_meta_data217		xnat_validationData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/origin                   xnat_validationData_meta_data218		xnat_validationData_meta_data.origin
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/modified                 xnat_validationData_meta_data219		xnat_validationData_meta_data.modified
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/shareable                xnat_validationData_meta_data220		xnat_validationData_meta_data.shareable
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/meta_data_id             xnat_validationData_meta_data221		xnat_validationData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/note                  xnat_abstractResource222		xnat_abstractResource.note
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/label                 xnat_abstractResource223		xnat_abstractResource.label
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/file_count            xnat_abstractResource224		xnat_abstractResource.file_count
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/file_size             xnat_abstractResource225		xnat_abstractResource.file_size
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/extension             xnat_abstractResource226		xnat_abstractResource.extension
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/abstractresource_info xnat_abstractResource227		xnat_abstractResource.abstractresource_info
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/xnat_abstractResource_id	xnat_abstractResource228		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id	xnat_abstractResource229		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/tag          xnat_abstractResource_tag230		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tag
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/name         xnat_abstractResource_tag231		xnat_abstractResource_tag.name
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/abstractresource_tag_info	xnat_abstractResource_tag232		xnat_abstractResource_tag.abstractresource_tag_info
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/xnat_abstractResource_tag_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag233		xnat_abstractResource_tag.xnat_abstractresource_tag_id
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag234		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/xft_version	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data235		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.xft_version
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/last_modified	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data236		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.last_modified
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/status  xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data237		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.status
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/activation_date	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data238		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_date
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data239		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/insert_date	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data240		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_date
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data241		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data242		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/origin  xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data243		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.origin
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/modified	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data244		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.modified
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/shareable	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data245		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.shareable
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/meta_data_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data246		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/extension_item/element_name	xdat_meta_element247		xdat_meta_element.element_name
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id	xdat_meta_element248		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/xft_version      xnat_abstractResource_meta_data249		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.xft_version
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/last_modified    xnat_abstractResource_meta_data250		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.last_modified
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/status           xnat_abstractResource_meta_data251		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.status
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/activation_date  xnat_abstractResource_meta_data252		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_date
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data253		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/insert_date      xnat_abstractResource_meta_data254		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_date
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data255		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data256		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/origin           xnat_abstractResource_meta_data257		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.origin
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/modified         xnat_abstractResource_meta_data258		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.modified
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/shareable        xnat_abstractResource_meta_data259		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.shareable
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/meta_data_id     xnat_abstractResource_meta_data260		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/field                       xnat_experimentData_field261		xnat_experimentData_field.field
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/name                        xnat_experimentData_field262		xnat_experimentData_field.name
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/experimentdata_field_info   xnat_experimentData_field263		xnat_experimentData_field.experimentdata_field_info
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/xnat_experimentData_field_id	xnat_experimentData_field264		xnat_experimentData_field.xnat_experimentdata_field_id
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/fields_field_xnat_experimentdat_id	xnat_experimentData_field265		xnat_experimentData_field.fields_field_xnat_experimentdat_id
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/xft_version            xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data266		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.xft_version
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/last_modified          xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data267		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.last_modified
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/status                 xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data268		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.status
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/activation_date        xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data269		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.activation_date
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/row_last_modified      xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data270		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/insert_date            xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data271		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.insert_date
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data272		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data273		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/origin                 xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data274		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.origin
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/modified               xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data275		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.modified
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/shareable              xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data276		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.shareable
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/meta_data_id           xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data277		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/extension_item/element_name              xdat_meta_element278		xdat_meta_element.element_name
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id      xdat_meta_element279		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/xft_version                         xnat_experimentData_meta_data280		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/last_modified                       xnat_experimentData_meta_data281		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/status                              xnat_experimentData_meta_data282		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.status
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/activation_date                     xnat_experimentData_meta_data283		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/row_last_modified                   xnat_experimentData_meta_data284		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/insert_date                         xnat_experimentData_meta_data285		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id        xnat_experimentData_meta_data286		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id            xnat_experimentData_meta_data287		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/origin                              xnat_experimentData_meta_data288		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.origin
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/modified                            xnat_experimentData_meta_data289		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.modified
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/shareable                           xnat_experimentData_meta_data290		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.shareable
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/meta_data_id                        xnat_experimentData_meta_data291		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/meta/xft_version                                        xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data292		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/meta/last_modified                                      xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data293		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/meta/status                                             xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data294		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.status
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/meta/activation_date                                    xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data295		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/meta/row_last_modified                                  xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data296		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/meta/insert_date                                        xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data297		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                       xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data298		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                           xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data299		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/meta/origin                                             xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data300		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.origin
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/meta/modified                                           xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data301		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.modified
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/meta/shareable                                          xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data302		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.shareable
xnat_a:scidResearchData/subjectAssessorData/meta/meta_data_id                                       xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data303		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat_a:scidResearchData/meta/xft_version                                                            xnat_a_scidResearchData_meta_data304		xnat_a_scidResearchData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat_a:scidResearchData/meta/last_modified                                                          xnat_a_scidResearchData_meta_data305		xnat_a_scidResearchData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat_a:scidResearchData/meta/status                                                                 xnat_a_scidResearchData_meta_data306		xnat_a_scidResearchData_meta_data.status
xnat_a:scidResearchData/meta/activation_date                                                        xnat_a_scidResearchData_meta_data307		xnat_a_scidResearchData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat_a:scidResearchData/meta/row_last_modified                                                      xnat_a_scidResearchData_meta_data308		xnat_a_scidResearchData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat_a:scidResearchData/meta/insert_date                                                            xnat_a_scidResearchData_meta_data309		xnat_a_scidResearchData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat_a:scidResearchData/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                                           xnat_a_scidResearchData_meta_data310		xnat_a_scidResearchData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat_a:scidResearchData/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                                               xnat_a_scidResearchData_meta_data311		xnat_a_scidResearchData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat_a:scidResearchData/meta/origin                                                                 xnat_a_scidResearchData_meta_data312		xnat_a_scidResearchData_meta_data.origin
xnat_a:scidResearchData/meta/modified                                                               xnat_a_scidResearchData_meta_data313		xnat_a_scidResearchData_meta_data.modified
xnat_a:scidResearchData/meta/shareable                                                              xnat_a_scidResearchData_meta_data314		xnat_a_scidResearchData_meta_data.shareable
xnat_a:scidResearchData/meta/meta_data_id                                                           xnat_a_scidResearchData_meta_data315		xnat_a_scidResearchData_meta_data.meta_data_id
