

*********************************************

ac_s_xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_r
(ACTIVE - MULTIPLE - ROOT)

xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan/scanstatistics_xnat_abstractstatistics_id                                xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan0		xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan.scanstatistics_xnat_abstractstatistics_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan/id                                                                       xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan1		xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan.id
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan/qcassessmentdata_scan_info                                               xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan2		xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan.qcassessmentdata_scan_info
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan/xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_id                                            xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan3		xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan.xnat_qcassessmentdata_scan_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan/scans_scan_xnat_qcassessmentdat_id                                       xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan4		xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan.scans_scan_xnat_qcassessmentdat_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan/sliceQC/slice/slicestatistics_xnat_abstractstatistics_id                 xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice5		xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice.slicestatistics_xnat_abstractstatistics_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan/sliceQC/slice/number                                                     xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice6		xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice.number
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan/sliceQC/slice/qcassessmentdata_scan_slice_info                           xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice7		xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice.qcassessmentdata_scan_slice_info
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan/sliceQC/slice/xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice_id                        xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice8		xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice.xnat_qcassessmentdata_scan_slice_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan/sliceQC/slice/sliceqc_slice_xnat_qcassessment_xnat_qcassessmentdata_scan_id	xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice9		xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice.sliceqc_slice_xnat_qcassessment_xnat_qcassessmentdata_scan_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan/sliceQC/slice/sliceStatistics/extension                                  xnat_abstractStatistics10		xnat_abstractStatistics.extension
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan/sliceQC/slice/sliceStatistics/abstractstatistics_info                    xnat_abstractStatistics11		xnat_abstractStatistics.abstractstatistics_info
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan/sliceQC/slice/sliceStatistics/xnat_abstractStatistics_id                 xnat_abstractStatistics12		xnat_abstractStatistics.xnat_abstractstatistics_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan/sliceQC/slice/sliceStatistics/extension_item/element_name                xdat_meta_element13		xdat_meta_element.element_name
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan/sliceQC/slice/sliceStatistics/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id        xdat_meta_element14		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan/sliceQC/slice/sliceStatistics/meta/xft_version                           xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data15		xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan/sliceQC/slice/sliceStatistics/meta/last_modified                         xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data16		xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan/sliceQC/slice/sliceStatistics/meta/status                                xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data17		xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data.status
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan/sliceQC/slice/sliceStatistics/meta/activation_date                       xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data18		xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan/sliceQC/slice/sliceStatistics/meta/row_last_modified                     xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data19		xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan/sliceQC/slice/sliceStatistics/meta/insert_date                           xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data20		xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan/sliceQC/slice/sliceStatistics/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id          xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data21		xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan/sliceQC/slice/sliceStatistics/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id              xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data22		xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan/sliceQC/slice/sliceStatistics/meta/origin                                xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data23		xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data.origin
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan/sliceQC/slice/sliceStatistics/meta/modified                              xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data24		xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data.modified
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan/sliceQC/slice/sliceStatistics/meta/shareable                             xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data25		xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data.shareable
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan/sliceQC/slice/sliceStatistics/meta/meta_data_id                          xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data26		xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan/sliceQC/slice/meta/xft_version                                           xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice_meta_data27		xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan/sliceQC/slice/meta/last_modified                                         xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice_meta_data28		xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan/sliceQC/slice/meta/status                                                xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice_meta_data29		xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice_meta_data.status
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan/sliceQC/slice/meta/activation_date                                       xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice_meta_data30		xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan/sliceQC/slice/meta/row_last_modified                                     xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice_meta_data31		xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan/sliceQC/slice/meta/insert_date                                           xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice_meta_data32		xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan/sliceQC/slice/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                          xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice_meta_data33		xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan/sliceQC/slice/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                              xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice_meta_data34		xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan/sliceQC/slice/meta/origin                                                xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice_meta_data35		xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice_meta_data.origin
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan/sliceQC/slice/meta/modified                                              xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice_meta_data36		xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice_meta_data.modified
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan/sliceQC/slice/meta/shareable                                             xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice_meta_data37		xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice_meta_data.shareable
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan/sliceQC/slice/meta/meta_data_id                                          xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice_meta_data38		xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan/scanStatistics/extension                                                 xnat_abstractStatistics39		xnat_abstractStatistics.extension
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan/scanStatistics/abstractstatistics_info                                   xnat_abstractStatistics40		xnat_abstractStatistics.abstractstatistics_info
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan/scanStatistics/xnat_abstractStatistics_id                                xnat_abstractStatistics41		xnat_abstractStatistics.xnat_abstractstatistics_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan/scanStatistics/extension_item/element_name                               xdat_meta_element42		xdat_meta_element.element_name
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan/scanStatistics/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id                       xdat_meta_element43		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan/scanStatistics/meta/xft_version                                          xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data44		xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan/scanStatistics/meta/last_modified                                        xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data45		xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan/scanStatistics/meta/status                                               xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data46		xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data.status
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan/scanStatistics/meta/activation_date                                      xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data47		xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan/scanStatistics/meta/row_last_modified                                    xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data48		xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan/scanStatistics/meta/insert_date                                          xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data49		xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan/scanStatistics/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                         xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data50		xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan/scanStatistics/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                             xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data51		xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan/scanStatistics/meta/origin                                               xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data52		xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data.origin
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan/scanStatistics/meta/modified                                             xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data53		xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data.modified
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan/scanStatistics/meta/shareable                                            xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data54		xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data.shareable
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan/scanStatistics/meta/meta_data_id                                         xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data55		xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan/meta/xft_version                                                         xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_meta_data56		xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan/meta/last_modified                                                       xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_meta_data57		xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan/meta/status                                                              xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_meta_data58		xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_meta_data.status
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan/meta/activation_date                                                     xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_meta_data59		xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan/meta/row_last_modified                                                   xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_meta_data60		xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan/meta/insert_date                                                         xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_meta_data61		xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                                        xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_meta_data62		xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                                            xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_meta_data63		xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan/meta/origin                                                              xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_meta_data64		xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_meta_data.origin
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan/meta/modified                                                            xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_meta_data65		xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_meta_data.modified
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan/meta/shareable                                                           xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_meta_data66		xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_meta_data.shareable
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan/meta/meta_data_id                                                        xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_meta_data67		xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_meta_data.meta_data_id
