

*********************************************

ac_s_xnat_voiceAudioScanData_r
(ACTIVE - MULTIPLE - ROOT)

xnat:voiceAudioScanData/xnat_imagescandata_id                                                       xnat_voiceAudioScanData0		xnat_imageScanData.xnat_imagescandata_id
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/voiceaudioscandata_info                                                     xnat_voiceAudioScanData1		xnat_voiceAudioScanData.voiceaudioscandata_info
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/image_session_ID                                              xnat_imageScanData2		xnat_imageScanData.image_session_id
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/note                                                          xnat_imageScanData3		xnat_imageScanData.note
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/quality                                                       xnat_imageScanData4		xnat_imageScanData.quality
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/condition                                                     xnat_imageScanData5		xnat_imageScanData.condition
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/series_description                                            xnat_imageScanData6		xnat_imageScanData.series_description
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/documentation                                                 xnat_imageScanData7		xnat_imageScanData.documentation
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/scanner                                                       xnat_imageScanData8		xnat_imageScanData.scanner
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/scanner/manufacturer                                          xnat_imageScanData9		xnat_imageScanData.scanner_manufacturer
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/scanner/model                                                 xnat_imageScanData10		xnat_imageScanData.scanner_model
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/modality                                                      xnat_imageScanData11		xnat_imageScanData.modality
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/frames                                                        xnat_imageScanData12		xnat_imageScanData.frames
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/operator                                                      xnat_imageScanData13		xnat_imageScanData.operator
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/validation_xnat_validationdata_id                             xnat_imageScanData14		xnat_imageScanData.validation_xnat_validationdata_id
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/startTime                                                     xnat_imageScanData15		xnat_imageScanData.starttime
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/ID                                                            xnat_imageScanData16		xnat_imageScanData.id
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/type                                                          xnat_imageScanData17		xnat_imageScanData.type
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/UID                                                           xnat_imageScanData18		xnat_imageScanData.uid
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/project                                                       xnat_imageScanData19		xnat_imageScanData.project
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/extension                                                     xnat_imageScanData20		xnat_imageScanData.extension
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/imagescandata_info                                            xnat_imageScanData21		xnat_imageScanData.imagescandata_info
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/xnat_imageScanData_id                                         xnat_imageScanData22		xnat_imageScanData.xnat_imagescandata_id
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/sharing/share/share                                           xnat_imageScanData_share23		xnat_imageScanData_share.share
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/sharing/share/label                                           xnat_imageScanData_share24		xnat_imageScanData_share.label
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/sharing/share/project                                         xnat_imageScanData_share25		xnat_imageScanData_share.project
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/sharing/share/imagescandata_share_info                        xnat_imageScanData_share26		xnat_imageScanData_share.imagescandata_share_info
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/sharing/share/xnat_imageScanData_share_id                     xnat_imageScanData_share27		xnat_imageScanData_share.xnat_imagescandata_share_id
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/sharing/share/sharing_share_xnat_imagescandat_xnat_imagescandata_id	xnat_imageScanData_share28		xnat_imageScanData_share.sharing_share_xnat_imagescandat_xnat_imagescandata_id
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/sharing/share/meta/xft_version                                xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data29		xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/sharing/share/meta/last_modified                              xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data30		xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/sharing/share/meta/status                                     xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data31		xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data.status
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/sharing/share/meta/activation_date                            xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data32		xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/sharing/share/meta/row_last_modified                          xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data33		xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/sharing/share/meta/insert_date                                xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data34		xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/sharing/share/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id               xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data35		xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/sharing/share/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                   xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data36		xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/sharing/share/meta/origin                                     xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data37		xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data.origin
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/sharing/share/meta/modified                                   xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data38		xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data.modified
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/sharing/share/meta/shareable                                  xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data39		xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data.shareable
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/sharing/share/meta/meta_data_id                               xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data40		xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/file/note                                                     xnat_abstractResource41		xnat_abstractResource.note
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/file/label                                                    xnat_abstractResource42		xnat_abstractResource.label
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/file/file_count                                               xnat_abstractResource43		xnat_abstractResource.file_count
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/file/file_size                                                xnat_abstractResource44		xnat_abstractResource.file_size
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/file/extension                                                xnat_abstractResource45		xnat_abstractResource.extension
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/file/abstractresource_info                                    xnat_abstractResource46		xnat_abstractResource.abstractresource_info
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/file/xnat_abstractResource_id                                 xnat_abstractResource47		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/file/xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id                 xnat_abstractResource48		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/file/tags/tag/tag                                             xnat_abstractResource_tag49		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tag
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/file/tags/tag/name                                            xnat_abstractResource_tag50		xnat_abstractResource_tag.name
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/file/tags/tag/abstractresource_tag_info                       xnat_abstractResource_tag51		xnat_abstractResource_tag.abstractresource_tag_info
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/file/tags/tag/xnat_abstractResource_tag_id                    xnat_abstractResource_tag52		xnat_abstractResource_tag.xnat_abstractresource_tag_id
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/file/tags/tag/tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag53		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/file/tags/tag/meta/xft_version                                xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data54		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/file/tags/tag/meta/last_modified                              xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data55		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/file/tags/tag/meta/status                                     xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data56		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.status
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/file/tags/tag/meta/activation_date                            xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data57		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/file/tags/tag/meta/row_last_modified                          xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data58		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/file/tags/tag/meta/insert_date                                xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data59		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/file/tags/tag/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id               xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data60		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/file/tags/tag/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                   xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data61		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/file/tags/tag/meta/origin                                     xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data62		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.origin
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/file/tags/tag/meta/modified                                   xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data63		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.modified
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/file/tags/tag/meta/shareable                                  xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data64		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.shareable
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/file/tags/tag/meta/meta_data_id                               xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data65		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/file/extension_item/element_name                              xdat_meta_element66		xdat_meta_element.element_name
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/file/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id                      xdat_meta_element67		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/file/meta/xft_version                                         xnat_abstractResource_meta_data68		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/file/meta/last_modified                                       xnat_abstractResource_meta_data69		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/file/meta/status                                              xnat_abstractResource_meta_data70		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.status
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/file/meta/activation_date                                     xnat_abstractResource_meta_data71		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/file/meta/row_last_modified                                   xnat_abstractResource_meta_data72		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/file/meta/insert_date                                         xnat_abstractResource_meta_data73		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/file/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                        xnat_abstractResource_meta_data74		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/file/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                            xnat_abstractResource_meta_data75		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/file/meta/origin                                              xnat_abstractResource_meta_data76		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.origin
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/file/meta/modified                                            xnat_abstractResource_meta_data77		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.modified
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/file/meta/shareable                                           xnat_abstractResource_meta_data78		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.shareable
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/file/meta/meta_data_id                                        xnat_abstractResource_meta_data79		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/validation/method                                             xnat_validationData80		xnat_validationData.method
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/validation/date                                               xnat_validationData81		xnat_validationData.date
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/validation/notes                                              xnat_validationData82		xnat_validationData.notes
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/validation/validated_by                                       xnat_validationData83		xnat_validationData.validated_by
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/validation/status                                             xnat_validationData84		xnat_validationData.status
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/validation/validationdata_info                                xnat_validationData85		xnat_validationData.validationdata_info
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/validation/xnat_validationData_id                             xnat_validationData86		xnat_validationData.xnat_validationdata_id
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/validation/meta/xft_version                                   xnat_validationData_meta_data87		xnat_validationData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/validation/meta/last_modified                                 xnat_validationData_meta_data88		xnat_validationData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/validation/meta/status                                        xnat_validationData_meta_data89		xnat_validationData_meta_data.status
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/validation/meta/activation_date                               xnat_validationData_meta_data90		xnat_validationData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/validation/meta/row_last_modified                             xnat_validationData_meta_data91		xnat_validationData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/validation/meta/insert_date                                   xnat_validationData_meta_data92		xnat_validationData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/validation/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                  xnat_validationData_meta_data93		xnat_validationData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/validation/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                      xnat_validationData_meta_data94		xnat_validationData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/validation/meta/origin                                        xnat_validationData_meta_data95		xnat_validationData_meta_data.origin
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/validation/meta/modified                                      xnat_validationData_meta_data96		xnat_validationData_meta_data.modified
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/validation/meta/shareable                                     xnat_validationData_meta_data97		xnat_validationData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/validation/meta/meta_data_id                                  xnat_validationData_meta_data98		xnat_validationData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/extension_item/element_name                                   xdat_meta_element99		xdat_meta_element.element_name
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id                           xdat_meta_element100		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/meta/xft_version                                              xnat_imageScanData_meta_data101		xnat_imageScanData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/meta/last_modified                                            xnat_imageScanData_meta_data102		xnat_imageScanData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/meta/status                                                   xnat_imageScanData_meta_data103		xnat_imageScanData_meta_data.status
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/meta/activation_date                                          xnat_imageScanData_meta_data104		xnat_imageScanData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/meta/row_last_modified                                        xnat_imageScanData_meta_data105		xnat_imageScanData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/meta/insert_date                                              xnat_imageScanData_meta_data106		xnat_imageScanData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                             xnat_imageScanData_meta_data107		xnat_imageScanData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                                 xnat_imageScanData_meta_data108		xnat_imageScanData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/meta/origin                                                   xnat_imageScanData_meta_data109		xnat_imageScanData_meta_data.origin
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/meta/modified                                                 xnat_imageScanData_meta_data110		xnat_imageScanData_meta_data.modified
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/meta/shareable                                                xnat_imageScanData_meta_data111		xnat_imageScanData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/imageScanData/meta/meta_data_id                                             xnat_imageScanData_meta_data112		xnat_imageScanData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/meta/xft_version                                                            xnat_voiceAudioScanData_meta_data113		xnat_voiceAudioScanData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/meta/last_modified                                                          xnat_voiceAudioScanData_meta_data114		xnat_voiceAudioScanData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/meta/status                                                                 xnat_voiceAudioScanData_meta_data115		xnat_voiceAudioScanData_meta_data.status
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/meta/activation_date                                                        xnat_voiceAudioScanData_meta_data116		xnat_voiceAudioScanData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/meta/row_last_modified                                                      xnat_voiceAudioScanData_meta_data117		xnat_voiceAudioScanData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/meta/insert_date                                                            xnat_voiceAudioScanData_meta_data118		xnat_voiceAudioScanData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                                           xnat_voiceAudioScanData_meta_data119		xnat_voiceAudioScanData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                                               xnat_voiceAudioScanData_meta_data120		xnat_voiceAudioScanData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/meta/origin                                                                 xnat_voiceAudioScanData_meta_data121		xnat_voiceAudioScanData_meta_data.origin
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/meta/modified                                                               xnat_voiceAudioScanData_meta_data122		xnat_voiceAudioScanData_meta_data.modified
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/meta/shareable                                                              xnat_voiceAudioScanData_meta_data123		xnat_voiceAudioScanData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:voiceAudioScanData/meta/meta_data_id                                                           xnat_voiceAudioScanData_meta_data124		xnat_voiceAudioScanData_meta_data.meta_data_id
