

*********************************************

ac_s_xnat_xa3DScanData_r
(ACTIVE - MULTIPLE - ROOT)

xnat:xa3DScanData/xnat_imagescandata_id                                                             xnat_xa3DScanData0		xnat_imageScanData.xnat_imagescandata_id
xnat:xa3DScanData/xa3dscandata_info                                                                 xnat_xa3DScanData1		xnat_xa3DScanData.xa3dscandata_info
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/image_session_ID                                                    xnat_imageScanData2		xnat_imageScanData.image_session_id
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/note                                                                xnat_imageScanData3		xnat_imageScanData.note
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/quality                                                             xnat_imageScanData4		xnat_imageScanData.quality
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/condition                                                           xnat_imageScanData5		xnat_imageScanData.condition
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/series_description                                                  xnat_imageScanData6		xnat_imageScanData.series_description
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/documentation                                                       xnat_imageScanData7		xnat_imageScanData.documentation
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/scanner                                                             xnat_imageScanData8		xnat_imageScanData.scanner
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/scanner/manufacturer                                                xnat_imageScanData9		xnat_imageScanData.scanner_manufacturer
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/scanner/model                                                       xnat_imageScanData10		xnat_imageScanData.scanner_model
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/modality                                                            xnat_imageScanData11		xnat_imageScanData.modality
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/frames                                                              xnat_imageScanData12		xnat_imageScanData.frames
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/operator                                                            xnat_imageScanData13		xnat_imageScanData.operator
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/validation_xnat_validationdata_id                                   xnat_imageScanData14		xnat_imageScanData.validation_xnat_validationdata_id
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/startTime                                                           xnat_imageScanData15		xnat_imageScanData.starttime
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/ID                                                                  xnat_imageScanData16		xnat_imageScanData.id
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/type                                                                xnat_imageScanData17		xnat_imageScanData.type
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/UID                                                                 xnat_imageScanData18		xnat_imageScanData.uid
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/project                                                             xnat_imageScanData19		xnat_imageScanData.project
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/extension                                                           xnat_imageScanData20		xnat_imageScanData.extension
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/imagescandata_info                                                  xnat_imageScanData21		xnat_imageScanData.imagescandata_info
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/xnat_imageScanData_id                                               xnat_imageScanData22		xnat_imageScanData.xnat_imagescandata_id
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/sharing/share/share                                                 xnat_imageScanData_share23		xnat_imageScanData_share.share
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/sharing/share/label                                                 xnat_imageScanData_share24		xnat_imageScanData_share.label
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/sharing/share/project                                               xnat_imageScanData_share25		xnat_imageScanData_share.project
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/sharing/share/imagescandata_share_info                              xnat_imageScanData_share26		xnat_imageScanData_share.imagescandata_share_info
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/sharing/share/xnat_imageScanData_share_id                           xnat_imageScanData_share27		xnat_imageScanData_share.xnat_imagescandata_share_id
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/sharing/share/sharing_share_xnat_imagescandat_xnat_imagescandata_id xnat_imageScanData_share28		xnat_imageScanData_share.sharing_share_xnat_imagescandat_xnat_imagescandata_id
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/sharing/share/meta/xft_version                                      xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data29		xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/sharing/share/meta/last_modified                                    xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data30		xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/sharing/share/meta/status                                           xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data31		xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data.status
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/sharing/share/meta/activation_date                                  xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data32		xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/sharing/share/meta/row_last_modified                                xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data33		xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/sharing/share/meta/insert_date                                      xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data34		xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/sharing/share/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                     xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data35		xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/sharing/share/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                         xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data36		xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/sharing/share/meta/origin                                           xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data37		xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data.origin
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/sharing/share/meta/modified                                         xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data38		xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data.modified
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/sharing/share/meta/shareable                                        xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data39		xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data.shareable
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/sharing/share/meta/meta_data_id                                     xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data40		xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/file/note                                                           xnat_abstractResource41		xnat_abstractResource.note
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/file/label                                                          xnat_abstractResource42		xnat_abstractResource.label
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/file/file_count                                                     xnat_abstractResource43		xnat_abstractResource.file_count
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/file/file_size                                                      xnat_abstractResource44		xnat_abstractResource.file_size
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/file/extension                                                      xnat_abstractResource45		xnat_abstractResource.extension
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/file/abstractresource_info                                          xnat_abstractResource46		xnat_abstractResource.abstractresource_info
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/file/xnat_abstractResource_id                                       xnat_abstractResource47		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/file/xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id                       xnat_abstractResource48		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/file/tags/tag/tag                                                   xnat_abstractResource_tag49		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tag
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/file/tags/tag/name                                                  xnat_abstractResource_tag50		xnat_abstractResource_tag.name
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/file/tags/tag/abstractresource_tag_info                             xnat_abstractResource_tag51		xnat_abstractResource_tag.abstractresource_tag_info
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/file/tags/tag/xnat_abstractResource_tag_id                          xnat_abstractResource_tag52		xnat_abstractResource_tag.xnat_abstractresource_tag_id
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/file/tags/tag/tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag53		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/file/tags/tag/meta/xft_version                                      xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data54		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/file/tags/tag/meta/last_modified                                    xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data55		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/file/tags/tag/meta/status                                           xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data56		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.status
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/file/tags/tag/meta/activation_date                                  xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data57		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/file/tags/tag/meta/row_last_modified                                xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data58		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/file/tags/tag/meta/insert_date                                      xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data59		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/file/tags/tag/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                     xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data60		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/file/tags/tag/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                         xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data61		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/file/tags/tag/meta/origin                                           xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data62		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.origin
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/file/tags/tag/meta/modified                                         xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data63		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.modified
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/file/tags/tag/meta/shareable                                        xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data64		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.shareable
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/file/tags/tag/meta/meta_data_id                                     xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data65		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/file/extension_item/element_name                                    xdat_meta_element66		xdat_meta_element.element_name
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/file/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id                            xdat_meta_element67		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/file/meta/xft_version                                               xnat_abstractResource_meta_data68		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/file/meta/last_modified                                             xnat_abstractResource_meta_data69		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/file/meta/status                                                    xnat_abstractResource_meta_data70		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.status
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/file/meta/activation_date                                           xnat_abstractResource_meta_data71		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/file/meta/row_last_modified                                         xnat_abstractResource_meta_data72		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/file/meta/insert_date                                               xnat_abstractResource_meta_data73		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/file/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                              xnat_abstractResource_meta_data74		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/file/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                                  xnat_abstractResource_meta_data75		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/file/meta/origin                                                    xnat_abstractResource_meta_data76		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.origin
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/file/meta/modified                                                  xnat_abstractResource_meta_data77		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.modified
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/file/meta/shareable                                                 xnat_abstractResource_meta_data78		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.shareable
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/file/meta/meta_data_id                                              xnat_abstractResource_meta_data79		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/validation/method                                                   xnat_validationData80		xnat_validationData.method
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/validation/date                                                     xnat_validationData81		xnat_validationData.date
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/validation/notes                                                    xnat_validationData82		xnat_validationData.notes
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/validation/validated_by                                             xnat_validationData83		xnat_validationData.validated_by
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/validation/status                                                   xnat_validationData84		xnat_validationData.status
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/validation/validationdata_info                                      xnat_validationData85		xnat_validationData.validationdata_info
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/validation/xnat_validationData_id                                   xnat_validationData86		xnat_validationData.xnat_validationdata_id
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/validation/meta/xft_version                                         xnat_validationData_meta_data87		xnat_validationData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/validation/meta/last_modified                                       xnat_validationData_meta_data88		xnat_validationData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/validation/meta/status                                              xnat_validationData_meta_data89		xnat_validationData_meta_data.status
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/validation/meta/activation_date                                     xnat_validationData_meta_data90		xnat_validationData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/validation/meta/row_last_modified                                   xnat_validationData_meta_data91		xnat_validationData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/validation/meta/insert_date                                         xnat_validationData_meta_data92		xnat_validationData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/validation/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                        xnat_validationData_meta_data93		xnat_validationData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/validation/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                            xnat_validationData_meta_data94		xnat_validationData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/validation/meta/origin                                              xnat_validationData_meta_data95		xnat_validationData_meta_data.origin
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/validation/meta/modified                                            xnat_validationData_meta_data96		xnat_validationData_meta_data.modified
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/validation/meta/shareable                                           xnat_validationData_meta_data97		xnat_validationData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/validation/meta/meta_data_id                                        xnat_validationData_meta_data98		xnat_validationData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/extension_item/element_name                                         xdat_meta_element99		xdat_meta_element.element_name
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id                                 xdat_meta_element100		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/meta/xft_version                                                    xnat_imageScanData_meta_data101		xnat_imageScanData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/meta/last_modified                                                  xnat_imageScanData_meta_data102		xnat_imageScanData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/meta/status                                                         xnat_imageScanData_meta_data103		xnat_imageScanData_meta_data.status
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/meta/activation_date                                                xnat_imageScanData_meta_data104		xnat_imageScanData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/meta/row_last_modified                                              xnat_imageScanData_meta_data105		xnat_imageScanData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/meta/insert_date                                                    xnat_imageScanData_meta_data106		xnat_imageScanData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                                   xnat_imageScanData_meta_data107		xnat_imageScanData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                                       xnat_imageScanData_meta_data108		xnat_imageScanData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/meta/origin                                                         xnat_imageScanData_meta_data109		xnat_imageScanData_meta_data.origin
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/meta/modified                                                       xnat_imageScanData_meta_data110		xnat_imageScanData_meta_data.modified
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/meta/shareable                                                      xnat_imageScanData_meta_data111		xnat_imageScanData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:xa3DScanData/imageScanData/meta/meta_data_id                                                   xnat_imageScanData_meta_data112		xnat_imageScanData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:xa3DScanData/meta/xft_version                                                                  xnat_xa3DScanData_meta_data113		xnat_xa3DScanData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:xa3DScanData/meta/last_modified                                                                xnat_xa3DScanData_meta_data114		xnat_xa3DScanData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:xa3DScanData/meta/status                                                                       xnat_xa3DScanData_meta_data115		xnat_xa3DScanData_meta_data.status
xnat:xa3DScanData/meta/activation_date                                                              xnat_xa3DScanData_meta_data116		xnat_xa3DScanData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:xa3DScanData/meta/row_last_modified                                                            xnat_xa3DScanData_meta_data117		xnat_xa3DScanData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:xa3DScanData/meta/insert_date                                                                  xnat_xa3DScanData_meta_data118		xnat_xa3DScanData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:xa3DScanData/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                                                 xnat_xa3DScanData_meta_data119		xnat_xa3DScanData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:xa3DScanData/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                                                     xnat_xa3DScanData_meta_data120		xnat_xa3DScanData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:xa3DScanData/meta/origin                                                                       xnat_xa3DScanData_meta_data121		xnat_xa3DScanData_meta_data.origin
xnat:xa3DScanData/meta/modified                                                                     xnat_xa3DScanData_meta_data122		xnat_xa3DScanData_meta_data.modified
xnat:xa3DScanData/meta/shareable                                                                    xnat_xa3DScanData_meta_data123		xnat_xa3DScanData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:xa3DScanData/meta/meta_data_id                                                                 xnat_xa3DScanData_meta_data124		xnat_xa3DScanData_meta_data.meta_data_id
