

*********************************************

ac_s_xnat_mrAssessorData_r
(ACTIVE - MULTIPLE - ROOT)

xnat:mrAssessorData/id                                                                              xnat_mrAssessorData0		xnat_experimentData.id
xnat:mrAssessorData/mrassessordata_info                                                             xnat_mrAssessorData1		xnat_mrAssessorData.mrassessordata_info
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/id                                                            xnat_imageAssessorData2		xnat_experimentData.id
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/imageSession_ID                                               xnat_imageAssessorData3		xnat_imageAssessorData.imagesession_id
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/imageassessordata_info                                        xnat_imageAssessorData4		xnat_imageAssessorData.imageassessordata_info
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/id                                                xnat_derivedData5		xnat_experimentData.id
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance_prov_process_id                        xnat_derivedData6		xnat_derivedData.provenance_prov_process_id
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/deriveddata_info                                  xnat_derivedData7		xnat_derivedData.deriveddata_info
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/date                               xnat_experimentData8		xnat_experimentData.date
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/time                               xnat_experimentData9		xnat_experimentData.time
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/duration                           xnat_experimentData10		xnat_experimentData.duration
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/delay                              xnat_experimentData11		xnat_experimentData.delay
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/delay/ref_expt_id                  xnat_experimentData12		xnat_experimentData.delay_ref_expt_id
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/note                               xnat_experimentData13		xnat_experimentData.note
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator_xnat_investigatordata_id	xnat_experimentData14		xnat_experimentData.investigator_xnat_investigatordata_id
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation_xnat_validationdata_id  xnat_experimentData15		xnat_experimentData.validation_xnat_validationdata_id
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/acquisition_site                   xnat_experimentData16		xnat_experimentData.acquisition_site
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/ID                                 xnat_experimentData17		xnat_experimentData.id
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/project                            xnat_experimentData18		xnat_experimentData.project
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/visit_id                           xnat_experimentData19		xnat_experimentData.visit_id
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/visit                              xnat_experimentData20		xnat_experimentData.visit
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/version                            xnat_experimentData21		xnat_experimentData.version
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/original                           xnat_experimentData22		xnat_experimentData.original
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/protocol                           xnat_experimentData23		xnat_experimentData.protocol
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/label                              xnat_experimentData24		xnat_experimentData.label
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/extension                          xnat_experimentData25		xnat_experimentData.extension
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/experimentdata_info                xnat_experimentData26		xnat_experimentData.experimentdata_info
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/share                xnat_experimentData_share27		xnat_experimentData_share.share
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/label                xnat_experimentData_share28		xnat_experimentData_share.label
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/project              xnat_experimentData_share29		xnat_experimentData_share.project
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/visit                xnat_experimentData_share30		xnat_experimentData_share.visit
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/protocol             xnat_experimentData_share31		xnat_experimentData_share.protocol
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/experimentdata_share_info	xnat_experimentData_share32		xnat_experimentData_share.experimentdata_share_info
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/xnat_experimentData_share_id	xnat_experimentData_share33		xnat_experimentData_share.xnat_experimentdata_share_id
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/sharing_share_xnat_experimentda_id	xnat_experimentData_share34		xnat_experimentData_share.sharing_share_xnat_experimentda_id
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/xft_version     xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data35		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/last_modified   xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data36		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/status          xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data37		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.status
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/activation_date xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data38		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data39		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/insert_date     xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data40		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data41		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data42		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/origin          xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data43		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.origin
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/modified        xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data44		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.modified
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/shareable       xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data45		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.shareable
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/meta_data_id    xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data46		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/title                 xnat_investigatorData47		xnat_investigatorData.title
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/firstname             xnat_investigatorData48		xnat_investigatorData.firstname
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/lastname              xnat_investigatorData49		xnat_investigatorData.lastname
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/institution           xnat_investigatorData50		xnat_investigatorData.institution
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/department            xnat_investigatorData51		xnat_investigatorData.department
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/email                 xnat_investigatorData52		xnat_investigatorData.email
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/phone                 xnat_investigatorData53		xnat_investigatorData.phone
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/ID                    xnat_investigatorData54		xnat_investigatorData.id
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/investigatordata_info xnat_investigatorData55		xnat_investigatorData.investigatordata_info
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/xnat_investigatorData_id	xnat_investigatorData56		xnat_investigatorData.xnat_investigatordata_id
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/xft_version      xnat_investigatorData_meta_data57		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/last_modified    xnat_investigatorData_meta_data58		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/status           xnat_investigatorData_meta_data59		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.status
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/activation_date  xnat_investigatorData_meta_data60		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data61		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/insert_date      xnat_investigatorData_meta_data62		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data63		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data64		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/origin           xnat_investigatorData_meta_data65		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.origin
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/modified         xnat_investigatorData_meta_data66		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.modified
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/shareable        xnat_investigatorData_meta_data67		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/meta_data_id     xnat_investigatorData_meta_data68		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/method                  xnat_validationData69		xnat_validationData.method
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/date                    xnat_validationData70		xnat_validationData.date
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/notes                   xnat_validationData71		xnat_validationData.notes
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/validated_by            xnat_validationData72		xnat_validationData.validated_by
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/status                  xnat_validationData73		xnat_validationData.status
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/validationdata_info     xnat_validationData74		xnat_validationData.validationdata_info
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/xnat_validationData_id  xnat_validationData75		xnat_validationData.xnat_validationdata_id
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/xft_version        xnat_validationData_meta_data76		xnat_validationData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/last_modified      xnat_validationData_meta_data77		xnat_validationData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/status             xnat_validationData_meta_data78		xnat_validationData_meta_data.status
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/activation_date    xnat_validationData_meta_data79		xnat_validationData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/row_last_modified  xnat_validationData_meta_data80		xnat_validationData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/insert_date        xnat_validationData_meta_data81		xnat_validationData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_validationData_meta_data82		xnat_validationData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_validationData_meta_data83		xnat_validationData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/origin             xnat_validationData_meta_data84		xnat_validationData_meta_data.origin
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/modified           xnat_validationData_meta_data85		xnat_validationData_meta_data.modified
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/shareable          xnat_validationData_meta_data86		xnat_validationData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/meta_data_id       xnat_validationData_meta_data87		xnat_validationData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/note            xnat_abstractResource88		xnat_abstractResource.note
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/label           xnat_abstractResource89		xnat_abstractResource.label
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/file_count      xnat_abstractResource90		xnat_abstractResource.file_count
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/file_size       xnat_abstractResource91		xnat_abstractResource.file_size
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/extension       xnat_abstractResource92		xnat_abstractResource.extension
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/abstractresource_info	xnat_abstractResource93		xnat_abstractResource.abstractresource_info
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/xnat_abstractResource_id	xnat_abstractResource94		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id	xnat_abstractResource95		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/tag    xnat_abstractResource_tag96		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tag
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/name   xnat_abstractResource_tag97		xnat_abstractResource_tag.name
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/abstractresource_tag_info	xnat_abstractResource_tag98		xnat_abstractResource_tag.abstractresource_tag_info
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/xnat_abstractResource_tag_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag99		xnat_abstractResource_tag.xnat_abstractresource_tag_id
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag100		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/xft_version	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data101		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/last_modified	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data102		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/status	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data103		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.status
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/activation_date	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data104		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data105		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/insert_date	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data106		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data107		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data108		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/origin	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data109		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.origin
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/modified	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data110		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.modified
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/shareable	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data111		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.shareable
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/meta_data_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data112		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/extension_item/element_name	xdat_meta_element113		xdat_meta_element.element_name
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id	xdat_meta_element114		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/xft_version	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data115		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/last_modified	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data116		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/status     xnat_abstractResource_meta_data117		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.status
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/activation_date	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data118		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data119		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/insert_date	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data120		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data121		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data122		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/origin     xnat_abstractResource_meta_data123		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.origin
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/modified   xnat_abstractResource_meta_data124		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.modified
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/shareable  xnat_abstractResource_meta_data125		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.shareable
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/meta_data_id	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data126		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/field                 xnat_experimentData_field127		xnat_experimentData_field.field
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/name                  xnat_experimentData_field128		xnat_experimentData_field.name
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/experimentdata_field_info	xnat_experimentData_field129		xnat_experimentData_field.experimentdata_field_info
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/xnat_experimentData_field_id	xnat_experimentData_field130		xnat_experimentData_field.xnat_experimentdata_field_id
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/fields_field_xnat_experimentdat_id	xnat_experimentData_field131		xnat_experimentData_field.fields_field_xnat_experimentdat_id
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/xft_version      xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data132		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/last_modified    xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data133		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/status           xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data134		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.status
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/activation_date  xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data135		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data136		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/insert_date      xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data137		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data138		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data139		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/origin           xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data140		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.origin
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/modified         xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data141		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.modified
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/shareable        xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data142		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.shareable
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/meta_data_id     xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data143		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/extension_item/element_name        xdat_meta_element144		xdat_meta_element.element_name
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id	xdat_meta_element145		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/meta/xft_version                   xnat_experimentData_meta_data146		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/meta/last_modified                 xnat_experimentData_meta_data147		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/meta/status                        xnat_experimentData_meta_data148		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.status
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/meta/activation_date               xnat_experimentData_meta_data149		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/meta/row_last_modified             xnat_experimentData_meta_data150		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/meta/insert_date                   xnat_experimentData_meta_data151		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id  xnat_experimentData_meta_data152		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id      xnat_experimentData_meta_data153		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/meta/origin                        xnat_experimentData_meta_data154		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.origin
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/meta/modified                      xnat_experimentData_meta_data155		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.modified
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/meta/shareable                     xnat_experimentData_meta_data156		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/experimentData/meta/meta_data_id                  xnat_experimentData_meta_data157		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/process_info                           prov_process158		prov_process.process_info
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/prov_process_id                        prov_process159		prov_process.prov_process_id
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/program                    prov_processStep160		prov_processStep.program
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/program/version            prov_processStep161		prov_processStep.program_version
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/program/arguments          prov_processStep162		prov_processStep.program_arguments
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/timestamp                  prov_processStep163		prov_processStep.timestamp
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/cvs                        prov_processStep164		prov_processStep.cvs
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/user                       prov_processStep165		prov_processStep.user_name
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/machine                    prov_processStep166		prov_processStep.machine
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/platform                   prov_processStep167		prov_processStep.platform
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/platform/version           prov_processStep168		prov_processStep.platform_version
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/compiler                   prov_processStep169		prov_processStep.compiler
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/compiler/version           prov_processStep170		prov_processStep.compiler_version
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/processstep_info           prov_processStep171		prov_processStep.processstep_info
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/prov_processStep_id        prov_processStep172		prov_processStep.prov_processstep_id
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/prov_process_prov_process_id	prov_processStep173		prov_processStep.prov_process_prov_process_id
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/library            prov_processStep_library174		prov_processStep_library.library
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/version            prov_processStep_library175		prov_processStep_library.version
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/processstep_library_info	prov_processStep_library176		prov_processStep_library.processstep_library_info
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/prov_processStep_library_id	prov_processStep_library177		prov_processStep_library.prov_processstep_library_id
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/prov_processstep_prov_processstep_id	prov_processStep_library178		prov_processStep_library.prov_processstep_prov_processstep_id
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/xft_version   prov_processStep_library_meta_data179		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/last_modified prov_processStep_library_meta_data180		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/status        prov_processStep_library_meta_data181		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.status
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/activation_date	prov_processStep_library_meta_data182		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/row_last_modified	prov_processStep_library_meta_data183		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/insert_date   prov_processStep_library_meta_data184		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	prov_processStep_library_meta_data185		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	prov_processStep_library_meta_data186		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/origin        prov_processStep_library_meta_data187		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.origin
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/modified      prov_processStep_library_meta_data188		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.modified
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/shareable     prov_processStep_library_meta_data189		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.shareable
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/meta_data_id  prov_processStep_library_meta_data190		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/xft_version           prov_processStep_meta_data191		prov_processStep_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/last_modified         prov_processStep_meta_data192		prov_processStep_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/status                prov_processStep_meta_data193		prov_processStep_meta_data.status
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/activation_date       prov_processStep_meta_data194		prov_processStep_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/row_last_modified     prov_processStep_meta_data195		prov_processStep_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/insert_date           prov_processStep_meta_data196		prov_processStep_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	prov_processStep_meta_data197		prov_processStep_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	prov_processStep_meta_data198		prov_processStep_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/origin                prov_processStep_meta_data199		prov_processStep_meta_data.origin
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/modified              prov_processStep_meta_data200		prov_processStep_meta_data.modified
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/shareable             prov_processStep_meta_data201		prov_processStep_meta_data.shareable
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/meta_data_id          prov_processStep_meta_data202		prov_processStep_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/meta/xft_version                       prov_process_meta_data203		prov_process_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/meta/last_modified                     prov_process_meta_data204		prov_process_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/meta/status                            prov_process_meta_data205		prov_process_meta_data.status
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/meta/activation_date                   prov_process_meta_data206		prov_process_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/meta/row_last_modified                 prov_process_meta_data207		prov_process_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/meta/insert_date                       prov_process_meta_data208		prov_process_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id      prov_process_meta_data209		prov_process_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id          prov_process_meta_data210		prov_process_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/meta/origin                            prov_process_meta_data211		prov_process_meta_data.origin
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/meta/modified                          prov_process_meta_data212		prov_process_meta_data.modified
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/meta/shareable                         prov_process_meta_data213		prov_process_meta_data.shareable
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/provenance/meta/meta_data_id                      prov_process_meta_data214		prov_process_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/meta/xft_version                                  xnat_derivedData_meta_data215		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/meta/last_modified                                xnat_derivedData_meta_data216		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/meta/status                                       xnat_derivedData_meta_data217		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.status
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/meta/activation_date                              xnat_derivedData_meta_data218		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/meta/row_last_modified                            xnat_derivedData_meta_data219		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/meta/insert_date                                  xnat_derivedData_meta_data220		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                 xnat_derivedData_meta_data221		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                     xnat_derivedData_meta_data222		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/meta/origin                                       xnat_derivedData_meta_data223		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.origin
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/meta/modified                                     xnat_derivedData_meta_data224		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.modified
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/meta/shareable                                    xnat_derivedData_meta_data225		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/derivedData/meta/meta_data_id                                 xnat_derivedData_meta_data226		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/note                                                  xnat_abstractResource227		xnat_abstractResource.note
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/label                                                 xnat_abstractResource228		xnat_abstractResource.label
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/file_count                                            xnat_abstractResource229		xnat_abstractResource.file_count
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/file_size                                             xnat_abstractResource230		xnat_abstractResource.file_size
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/extension                                             xnat_abstractResource231		xnat_abstractResource.extension
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/abstractresource_info                                 xnat_abstractResource232		xnat_abstractResource.abstractresource_info
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/xnat_abstractResource_id                              xnat_abstractResource233		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id              xnat_abstractResource234		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/tags/tag/tag                                          xnat_abstractResource_tag235		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tag
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/tags/tag/name                                         xnat_abstractResource_tag236		xnat_abstractResource_tag.name
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/tags/tag/abstractresource_tag_info                    xnat_abstractResource_tag237		xnat_abstractResource_tag.abstractresource_tag_info
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/tags/tag/xnat_abstractResource_tag_id                 xnat_abstractResource_tag238		xnat_abstractResource_tag.xnat_abstractresource_tag_id
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/tags/tag/tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag239		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/tags/tag/meta/xft_version                             xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data240		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/tags/tag/meta/last_modified                           xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data241		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/tags/tag/meta/status                                  xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data242		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.status
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/tags/tag/meta/activation_date                         xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data243		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/tags/tag/meta/row_last_modified                       xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data244		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/tags/tag/meta/insert_date                             xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data245		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/tags/tag/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id            xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data246		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/tags/tag/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data247		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/tags/tag/meta/origin                                  xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data248		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.origin
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/tags/tag/meta/modified                                xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data249		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.modified
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/tags/tag/meta/shareable                               xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data250		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.shareable
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/tags/tag/meta/meta_data_id                            xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data251		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/extension_item/element_name                           xdat_meta_element252		xdat_meta_element.element_name
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id                   xdat_meta_element253		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/meta/xft_version                                      xnat_abstractResource_meta_data254		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/meta/last_modified                                    xnat_abstractResource_meta_data255		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/meta/status                                           xnat_abstractResource_meta_data256		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.status
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/meta/activation_date                                  xnat_abstractResource_meta_data257		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/meta/row_last_modified                                xnat_abstractResource_meta_data258		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/meta/insert_date                                      xnat_abstractResource_meta_data259		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                     xnat_abstractResource_meta_data260		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                         xnat_abstractResource_meta_data261		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/meta/origin                                           xnat_abstractResource_meta_data262		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.origin
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/meta/modified                                         xnat_abstractResource_meta_data263		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.modified
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/meta/shareable                                        xnat_abstractResource_meta_data264		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.shareable
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/in/file/meta/meta_data_id                                     xnat_abstractResource_meta_data265		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/note                                                 xnat_abstractResource266		xnat_abstractResource.note
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/label                                                xnat_abstractResource267		xnat_abstractResource.label
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/file_count                                           xnat_abstractResource268		xnat_abstractResource.file_count
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/file_size                                            xnat_abstractResource269		xnat_abstractResource.file_size
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/extension                                            xnat_abstractResource270		xnat_abstractResource.extension
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/abstractresource_info                                xnat_abstractResource271		xnat_abstractResource.abstractresource_info
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/xnat_abstractResource_id                             xnat_abstractResource272		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id             xnat_abstractResource273		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/tags/tag/tag                                         xnat_abstractResource_tag274		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tag
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/tags/tag/name                                        xnat_abstractResource_tag275		xnat_abstractResource_tag.name
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/tags/tag/abstractresource_tag_info                   xnat_abstractResource_tag276		xnat_abstractResource_tag.abstractresource_tag_info
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/tags/tag/xnat_abstractResource_tag_id                xnat_abstractResource_tag277		xnat_abstractResource_tag.xnat_abstractresource_tag_id
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/tags/tag/tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag278		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/tags/tag/meta/xft_version                            xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data279		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/tags/tag/meta/last_modified                          xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data280		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/tags/tag/meta/status                                 xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data281		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.status
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/tags/tag/meta/activation_date                        xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data282		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/tags/tag/meta/row_last_modified                      xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data283		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/tags/tag/meta/insert_date                            xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data284		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/tags/tag/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id           xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data285		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/tags/tag/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id               xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data286		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/tags/tag/meta/origin                                 xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data287		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.origin
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/tags/tag/meta/modified                               xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data288		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.modified
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/tags/tag/meta/shareable                              xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data289		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.shareable
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/tags/tag/meta/meta_data_id                           xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data290		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/extension_item/element_name                          xdat_meta_element291		xdat_meta_element.element_name
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id                  xdat_meta_element292		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/meta/xft_version                                     xnat_abstractResource_meta_data293		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/meta/last_modified                                   xnat_abstractResource_meta_data294		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/meta/status                                          xnat_abstractResource_meta_data295		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.status
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/meta/activation_date                                 xnat_abstractResource_meta_data296		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/meta/row_last_modified                               xnat_abstractResource_meta_data297		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/meta/insert_date                                     xnat_abstractResource_meta_data298		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                    xnat_abstractResource_meta_data299		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                        xnat_abstractResource_meta_data300		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/meta/origin                                          xnat_abstractResource_meta_data301		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.origin
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/meta/modified                                        xnat_abstractResource_meta_data302		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.modified
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/meta/shareable                                       xnat_abstractResource_meta_data303		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.shareable
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/out/file/meta/meta_data_id                                    xnat_abstractResource_meta_data304		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/addField                                  xnat_addField305		xnat_addField.addfield
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/name                                      xnat_addField306		xnat_addField.name
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/addfield_info                             xnat_addField307		xnat_addField.addfield_info
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/xnat_addField_id                          xnat_addField308		xnat_addField.xnat_addfield_id
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/parameters_addparam_xnat_mrscan_xnat_imagescandata_id	xnat_addField309		xnat_addField.parameters_addparam_xnat_mrscan_xnat_imagescandata_id
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/parameters_addparam_xnat_recons_xnat_reconstructedimagedata_id	xnat_addField310		xnat_addField.parameters_addparam_xnat_recons_xnat_reconstructedimagedata_id
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/parameters_addparam_xnat_petsca_xnat_imagescandata_id	xnat_addField311		xnat_addField.parameters_addparam_xnat_petsca_xnat_imagescandata_id
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/parameters_addparam_xnat_imagea_id        xnat_addField312		xnat_addField.parameters_addparam_xnat_imagea_id
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/meta/xft_version                          xnat_addField_meta_data313		xnat_addField_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/meta/last_modified                        xnat_addField_meta_data314		xnat_addField_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/meta/status                               xnat_addField_meta_data315		xnat_addField_meta_data.status
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/meta/activation_date                      xnat_addField_meta_data316		xnat_addField_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/meta/row_last_modified                    xnat_addField_meta_data317		xnat_addField_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/meta/insert_date                          xnat_addField_meta_data318		xnat_addField_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id         xnat_addField_meta_data319		xnat_addField_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id             xnat_addField_meta_data320		xnat_addField_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/meta/origin                               xnat_addField_meta_data321		xnat_addField_meta_data.origin
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/meta/modified                             xnat_addField_meta_data322		xnat_addField_meta_data.modified
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/meta/shareable                            xnat_addField_meta_data323		xnat_addField_meta_data.shareable
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/parameters/addParam/meta/meta_data_id                         xnat_addField_meta_data324		xnat_addField_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/meta/xft_version                                              xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data325		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/meta/last_modified                                            xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data326		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/meta/status                                                   xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data327		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.status
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/meta/activation_date                                          xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data328		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/meta/row_last_modified                                        xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data329		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/meta/insert_date                                              xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data330		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                             xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data331		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                                 xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data332		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/meta/origin                                                   xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data333		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.origin
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/meta/modified                                                 xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data334		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.modified
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/meta/shareable                                                xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data335		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:mrAssessorData/imageAssessorData/meta/meta_data_id                                             xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data336		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:mrAssessorData/meta/xft_version                                                                xnat_mrAssessorData_meta_data337		xnat_mrAssessorData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:mrAssessorData/meta/last_modified                                                              xnat_mrAssessorData_meta_data338		xnat_mrAssessorData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:mrAssessorData/meta/status                                                                     xnat_mrAssessorData_meta_data339		xnat_mrAssessorData_meta_data.status
xnat:mrAssessorData/meta/activation_date                                                            xnat_mrAssessorData_meta_data340		xnat_mrAssessorData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:mrAssessorData/meta/row_last_modified                                                          xnat_mrAssessorData_meta_data341		xnat_mrAssessorData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:mrAssessorData/meta/insert_date                                                                xnat_mrAssessorData_meta_data342		xnat_mrAssessorData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:mrAssessorData/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                                               xnat_mrAssessorData_meta_data343		xnat_mrAssessorData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrAssessorData/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                                                   xnat_mrAssessorData_meta_data344		xnat_mrAssessorData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:mrAssessorData/meta/origin                                                                     xnat_mrAssessorData_meta_data345		xnat_mrAssessorData_meta_data.origin
xnat:mrAssessorData/meta/modified                                                                   xnat_mrAssessorData_meta_data346		xnat_mrAssessorData_meta_data.modified
xnat:mrAssessorData/meta/shareable                                                                  xnat_mrAssessorData_meta_data347		xnat_mrAssessorData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:mrAssessorData/meta/meta_data_id                                                               xnat_mrAssessorData_meta_data348		xnat_mrAssessorData_meta_data.meta_data_id
