

*********************************************

ac_s_xnat_reconstructedImageData_r
(ACTIVE - MULTIPLE - ROOT)

xnat:reconstructedImageData/image_session_ID                                                        xnat_reconstructedImageData0		xnat_reconstructedImageData.image_session_id
xnat:reconstructedImageData/provenance_prov_process_id                                              xnat_reconstructedImageData1		xnat_reconstructedImageData.provenance_prov_process_id
xnat:reconstructedImageData/ID                                                                      xnat_reconstructedImageData2		xnat_reconstructedImageData.id
xnat:reconstructedImageData/type                                                                    xnat_reconstructedImageData3		xnat_reconstructedImageData.type
xnat:reconstructedImageData/baseScanType                                                            xnat_reconstructedImageData4		xnat_reconstructedImageData.basescantype
xnat:reconstructedImageData/reconstructedimagedata_info                                             xnat_reconstructedImageData5		xnat_reconstructedImageData.reconstructedimagedata_info
xnat:reconstructedImageData/xnat_reconstructedImageData_id                                          xnat_reconstructedImageData6		xnat_reconstructedImageData.xnat_reconstructedimagedata_id
xnat:reconstructedImageData/inScans/scanID/scanID                                                   xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID7		xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID.scanid
xnat:reconstructedImageData/inScans/scanID/reconstructedimagedata_scanid_info                       xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID8		xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID.reconstructedimagedata_scanid_info
xnat:reconstructedImageData/inScans/scanID/xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_id                    xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID9		xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID.xnat_reconstructedimagedata_scanid_id
xnat:reconstructedImageData/inScans/scanID/inscans_scanid_xnat_reconstruct_xnat_reconstructedimagedata_id	xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID10		xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID.inscans_scanid_xnat_reconstruct_xnat_reconstructedimagedata_id
xnat:reconstructedImageData/inScans/scanID/meta/xft_version                                         xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data11		xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:reconstructedImageData/inScans/scanID/meta/last_modified                                       xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data12		xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:reconstructedImageData/inScans/scanID/meta/status                                              xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data13		xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data.status
xnat:reconstructedImageData/inScans/scanID/meta/activation_date                                     xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data14		xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:reconstructedImageData/inScans/scanID/meta/row_last_modified                                   xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data15		xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:reconstructedImageData/inScans/scanID/meta/insert_date                                         xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data16		xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:reconstructedImageData/inScans/scanID/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                        xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data17		xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:reconstructedImageData/inScans/scanID/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                            xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data18		xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:reconstructedImageData/inScans/scanID/meta/origin                                              xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data19		xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data.origin
xnat:reconstructedImageData/inScans/scanID/meta/modified                                            xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data20		xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data.modified
xnat:reconstructedImageData/inScans/scanID/meta/shareable                                           xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data21		xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data.shareable
xnat:reconstructedImageData/inScans/scanID/meta/meta_data_id                                        xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data22		xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:reconstructedImageData/in/file/note                                                            xnat_abstractResource23		xnat_abstractResource.note
xnat:reconstructedImageData/in/file/label                                                           xnat_abstractResource24		xnat_abstractResource.label
xnat:reconstructedImageData/in/file/file_count                                                      xnat_abstractResource25		xnat_abstractResource.file_count
xnat:reconstructedImageData/in/file/file_size                                                       xnat_abstractResource26		xnat_abstractResource.file_size
xnat:reconstructedImageData/in/file/extension                                                       xnat_abstractResource27		xnat_abstractResource.extension
xnat:reconstructedImageData/in/file/abstractresource_info                                           xnat_abstractResource28		xnat_abstractResource.abstractresource_info
xnat:reconstructedImageData/in/file/xnat_abstractResource_id                                        xnat_abstractResource29		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:reconstructedImageData/in/file/xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id                        xnat_abstractResource30		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id
xnat:reconstructedImageData/in/file/tags/tag/tag                                                    xnat_abstractResource_tag31		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tag
xnat:reconstructedImageData/in/file/tags/tag/name                                                   xnat_abstractResource_tag32		xnat_abstractResource_tag.name
xnat:reconstructedImageData/in/file/tags/tag/abstractresource_tag_info                              xnat_abstractResource_tag33		xnat_abstractResource_tag.abstractresource_tag_info
xnat:reconstructedImageData/in/file/tags/tag/xnat_abstractResource_tag_id                           xnat_abstractResource_tag34		xnat_abstractResource_tag.xnat_abstractresource_tag_id
xnat:reconstructedImageData/in/file/tags/tag/tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag35		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:reconstructedImageData/in/file/tags/tag/meta/xft_version                                       xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data36		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:reconstructedImageData/in/file/tags/tag/meta/last_modified                                     xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data37		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:reconstructedImageData/in/file/tags/tag/meta/status                                            xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data38		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.status
xnat:reconstructedImageData/in/file/tags/tag/meta/activation_date                                   xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data39		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:reconstructedImageData/in/file/tags/tag/meta/row_last_modified                                 xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data40		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:reconstructedImageData/in/file/tags/tag/meta/insert_date                                       xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data41		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:reconstructedImageData/in/file/tags/tag/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                      xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data42		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:reconstructedImageData/in/file/tags/tag/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                          xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data43		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:reconstructedImageData/in/file/tags/tag/meta/origin                                            xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data44		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.origin
xnat:reconstructedImageData/in/file/tags/tag/meta/modified                                          xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data45		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.modified
xnat:reconstructedImageData/in/file/tags/tag/meta/shareable                                         xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data46		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.shareable
xnat:reconstructedImageData/in/file/tags/tag/meta/meta_data_id                                      xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data47		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:reconstructedImageData/in/file/extension_item/element_name                                     xdat_meta_element48		xdat_meta_element.element_name
xnat:reconstructedImageData/in/file/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id                             xdat_meta_element49		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
xnat:reconstructedImageData/in/file/meta/xft_version                                                xnat_abstractResource_meta_data50		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:reconstructedImageData/in/file/meta/last_modified                                              xnat_abstractResource_meta_data51		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:reconstructedImageData/in/file/meta/status                                                     xnat_abstractResource_meta_data52		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.status
xnat:reconstructedImageData/in/file/meta/activation_date                                            xnat_abstractResource_meta_data53		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:reconstructedImageData/in/file/meta/row_last_modified                                          xnat_abstractResource_meta_data54		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:reconstructedImageData/in/file/meta/insert_date                                                xnat_abstractResource_meta_data55		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:reconstructedImageData/in/file/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                               xnat_abstractResource_meta_data56		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:reconstructedImageData/in/file/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                                   xnat_abstractResource_meta_data57		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:reconstructedImageData/in/file/meta/origin                                                     xnat_abstractResource_meta_data58		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.origin
xnat:reconstructedImageData/in/file/meta/modified                                                   xnat_abstractResource_meta_data59		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.modified
xnat:reconstructedImageData/in/file/meta/shareable                                                  xnat_abstractResource_meta_data60		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.shareable
xnat:reconstructedImageData/in/file/meta/meta_data_id                                               xnat_abstractResource_meta_data61		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:reconstructedImageData/out/file/note                                                           xnat_abstractResource62		xnat_abstractResource.note
xnat:reconstructedImageData/out/file/label                                                          xnat_abstractResource63		xnat_abstractResource.label
xnat:reconstructedImageData/out/file/file_count                                                     xnat_abstractResource64		xnat_abstractResource.file_count
xnat:reconstructedImageData/out/file/file_size                                                      xnat_abstractResource65		xnat_abstractResource.file_size
xnat:reconstructedImageData/out/file/extension                                                      xnat_abstractResource66		xnat_abstractResource.extension
xnat:reconstructedImageData/out/file/abstractresource_info                                          xnat_abstractResource67		xnat_abstractResource.abstractresource_info
xnat:reconstructedImageData/out/file/xnat_abstractResource_id                                       xnat_abstractResource68		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:reconstructedImageData/out/file/xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id                       xnat_abstractResource69		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id
xnat:reconstructedImageData/out/file/tags/tag/tag                                                   xnat_abstractResource_tag70		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tag
xnat:reconstructedImageData/out/file/tags/tag/name                                                  xnat_abstractResource_tag71		xnat_abstractResource_tag.name
xnat:reconstructedImageData/out/file/tags/tag/abstractresource_tag_info                             xnat_abstractResource_tag72		xnat_abstractResource_tag.abstractresource_tag_info
xnat:reconstructedImageData/out/file/tags/tag/xnat_abstractResource_tag_id                          xnat_abstractResource_tag73		xnat_abstractResource_tag.xnat_abstractresource_tag_id
xnat:reconstructedImageData/out/file/tags/tag/tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag74		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:reconstructedImageData/out/file/tags/tag/meta/xft_version                                      xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data75		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:reconstructedImageData/out/file/tags/tag/meta/last_modified                                    xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data76		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:reconstructedImageData/out/file/tags/tag/meta/status                                           xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data77		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.status
xnat:reconstructedImageData/out/file/tags/tag/meta/activation_date                                  xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data78		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:reconstructedImageData/out/file/tags/tag/meta/row_last_modified                                xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data79		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:reconstructedImageData/out/file/tags/tag/meta/insert_date                                      xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data80		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:reconstructedImageData/out/file/tags/tag/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                     xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data81		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:reconstructedImageData/out/file/tags/tag/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                         xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data82		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:reconstructedImageData/out/file/tags/tag/meta/origin                                           xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data83		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.origin
xnat:reconstructedImageData/out/file/tags/tag/meta/modified                                         xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data84		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.modified
xnat:reconstructedImageData/out/file/tags/tag/meta/shareable                                        xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data85		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.shareable
xnat:reconstructedImageData/out/file/tags/tag/meta/meta_data_id                                     xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data86		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:reconstructedImageData/out/file/extension_item/element_name                                    xdat_meta_element87		xdat_meta_element.element_name
xnat:reconstructedImageData/out/file/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id                            xdat_meta_element88		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
xnat:reconstructedImageData/out/file/meta/xft_version                                               xnat_abstractResource_meta_data89		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:reconstructedImageData/out/file/meta/last_modified                                             xnat_abstractResource_meta_data90		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:reconstructedImageData/out/file/meta/status                                                    xnat_abstractResource_meta_data91		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.status
xnat:reconstructedImageData/out/file/meta/activation_date                                           xnat_abstractResource_meta_data92		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:reconstructedImageData/out/file/meta/row_last_modified                                         xnat_abstractResource_meta_data93		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:reconstructedImageData/out/file/meta/insert_date                                               xnat_abstractResource_meta_data94		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:reconstructedImageData/out/file/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                              xnat_abstractResource_meta_data95		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:reconstructedImageData/out/file/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                                  xnat_abstractResource_meta_data96		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:reconstructedImageData/out/file/meta/origin                                                    xnat_abstractResource_meta_data97		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.origin
xnat:reconstructedImageData/out/file/meta/modified                                                  xnat_abstractResource_meta_data98		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.modified
xnat:reconstructedImageData/out/file/meta/shareable                                                 xnat_abstractResource_meta_data99		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.shareable
xnat:reconstructedImageData/out/file/meta/meta_data_id                                              xnat_abstractResource_meta_data100		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:reconstructedImageData/provenance/process_info                                                 prov_process101		prov_process.process_info
xnat:reconstructedImageData/provenance/prov_process_id                                              prov_process102		prov_process.prov_process_id
xnat:reconstructedImageData/provenance/processStep/program                                          prov_processStep103		prov_processStep.program
xnat:reconstructedImageData/provenance/processStep/program/version                                  prov_processStep104		prov_processStep.program_version
xnat:reconstructedImageData/provenance/processStep/program/arguments                                prov_processStep105		prov_processStep.program_arguments
xnat:reconstructedImageData/provenance/processStep/timestamp                                        prov_processStep106		prov_processStep.timestamp
xnat:reconstructedImageData/provenance/processStep/cvs                                              prov_processStep107		prov_processStep.cvs
xnat:reconstructedImageData/provenance/processStep/user                                             prov_processStep108		prov_processStep.user_name
xnat:reconstructedImageData/provenance/processStep/machine                                          prov_processStep109		prov_processStep.machine
xnat:reconstructedImageData/provenance/processStep/platform                                         prov_processStep110		prov_processStep.platform
xnat:reconstructedImageData/provenance/processStep/platform/version                                 prov_processStep111		prov_processStep.platform_version
xnat:reconstructedImageData/provenance/processStep/compiler                                         prov_processStep112		prov_processStep.compiler
xnat:reconstructedImageData/provenance/processStep/compiler/version                                 prov_processStep113		prov_processStep.compiler_version
xnat:reconstructedImageData/provenance/processStep/processstep_info                                 prov_processStep114		prov_processStep.processstep_info
xnat:reconstructedImageData/provenance/processStep/prov_processStep_id                              prov_processStep115		prov_processStep.prov_processstep_id
xnat:reconstructedImageData/provenance/processStep/prov_process_prov_process_id                     prov_processStep116		prov_processStep.prov_process_prov_process_id
xnat:reconstructedImageData/provenance/processStep/library/library                                  prov_processStep_library117		prov_processStep_library.library
xnat:reconstructedImageData/provenance/processStep/library/version                                  prov_processStep_library118		prov_processStep_library.version
xnat:reconstructedImageData/provenance/processStep/library/processstep_library_info                 prov_processStep_library119		prov_processStep_library.processstep_library_info
xnat:reconstructedImageData/provenance/processStep/library/prov_processStep_library_id              prov_processStep_library120		prov_processStep_library.prov_processstep_library_id
xnat:reconstructedImageData/provenance/processStep/library/prov_processstep_prov_processstep_id     prov_processStep_library121		prov_processStep_library.prov_processstep_prov_processstep_id
xnat:reconstructedImageData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/xft_version                         prov_processStep_library_meta_data122		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:reconstructedImageData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/last_modified                       prov_processStep_library_meta_data123		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:reconstructedImageData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/status                              prov_processStep_library_meta_data124		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.status
xnat:reconstructedImageData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/activation_date                     prov_processStep_library_meta_data125		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:reconstructedImageData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/row_last_modified                   prov_processStep_library_meta_data126		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:reconstructedImageData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/insert_date                         prov_processStep_library_meta_data127		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:reconstructedImageData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id        prov_processStep_library_meta_data128		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:reconstructedImageData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id            prov_processStep_library_meta_data129		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:reconstructedImageData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/origin                              prov_processStep_library_meta_data130		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.origin
xnat:reconstructedImageData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/modified                            prov_processStep_library_meta_data131		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.modified
xnat:reconstructedImageData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/shareable                           prov_processStep_library_meta_data132		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.shareable
xnat:reconstructedImageData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/meta_data_id                        prov_processStep_library_meta_data133		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:reconstructedImageData/provenance/processStep/meta/xft_version                                 prov_processStep_meta_data134		prov_processStep_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:reconstructedImageData/provenance/processStep/meta/last_modified                               prov_processStep_meta_data135		prov_processStep_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:reconstructedImageData/provenance/processStep/meta/status                                      prov_processStep_meta_data136		prov_processStep_meta_data.status
xnat:reconstructedImageData/provenance/processStep/meta/activation_date                             prov_processStep_meta_data137		prov_processStep_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:reconstructedImageData/provenance/processStep/meta/row_last_modified                           prov_processStep_meta_data138		prov_processStep_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:reconstructedImageData/provenance/processStep/meta/insert_date                                 prov_processStep_meta_data139		prov_processStep_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:reconstructedImageData/provenance/processStep/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                prov_processStep_meta_data140		prov_processStep_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:reconstructedImageData/provenance/processStep/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                    prov_processStep_meta_data141		prov_processStep_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:reconstructedImageData/provenance/processStep/meta/origin                                      prov_processStep_meta_data142		prov_processStep_meta_data.origin
xnat:reconstructedImageData/provenance/processStep/meta/modified                                    prov_processStep_meta_data143		prov_processStep_meta_data.modified
xnat:reconstructedImageData/provenance/processStep/meta/shareable                                   prov_processStep_meta_data144		prov_processStep_meta_data.shareable
xnat:reconstructedImageData/provenance/processStep/meta/meta_data_id                                prov_processStep_meta_data145		prov_processStep_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:reconstructedImageData/provenance/meta/xft_version                                             prov_process_meta_data146		prov_process_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:reconstructedImageData/provenance/meta/last_modified                                           prov_process_meta_data147		prov_process_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:reconstructedImageData/provenance/meta/status                                                  prov_process_meta_data148		prov_process_meta_data.status
xnat:reconstructedImageData/provenance/meta/activation_date                                         prov_process_meta_data149		prov_process_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:reconstructedImageData/provenance/meta/row_last_modified                                       prov_process_meta_data150		prov_process_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:reconstructedImageData/provenance/meta/insert_date                                             prov_process_meta_data151		prov_process_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:reconstructedImageData/provenance/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                            prov_process_meta_data152		prov_process_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:reconstructedImageData/provenance/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                                prov_process_meta_data153		prov_process_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:reconstructedImageData/provenance/meta/origin                                                  prov_process_meta_data154		prov_process_meta_data.origin
xnat:reconstructedImageData/provenance/meta/modified                                                prov_process_meta_data155		prov_process_meta_data.modified
xnat:reconstructedImageData/provenance/meta/shareable                                               prov_process_meta_data156		prov_process_meta_data.shareable
xnat:reconstructedImageData/provenance/meta/meta_data_id                                            prov_process_meta_data157		prov_process_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:reconstructedImageData/parameters/addParam/addField                                            xnat_addField158		xnat_addField.addfield
xnat:reconstructedImageData/parameters/addParam/name                                                xnat_addField159		xnat_addField.name
xnat:reconstructedImageData/parameters/addParam/addfield_info                                       xnat_addField160		xnat_addField.addfield_info
xnat:reconstructedImageData/parameters/addParam/xnat_addField_id                                    xnat_addField161		xnat_addField.xnat_addfield_id
xnat:reconstructedImageData/parameters/addParam/parameters_addparam_xnat_mrscan_xnat_imagescandata_id	xnat_addField162		xnat_addField.parameters_addparam_xnat_mrscan_xnat_imagescandata_id
xnat:reconstructedImageData/parameters/addParam/parameters_addparam_xnat_recons_xnat_reconstructedimagedata_id	xnat_addField163		xnat_addField.parameters_addparam_xnat_recons_xnat_reconstructedimagedata_id
xnat:reconstructedImageData/parameters/addParam/parameters_addparam_xnat_petsca_xnat_imagescandata_id	xnat_addField164		xnat_addField.parameters_addparam_xnat_petsca_xnat_imagescandata_id
xnat:reconstructedImageData/parameters/addParam/parameters_addparam_xnat_imagea_id                  xnat_addField165		xnat_addField.parameters_addparam_xnat_imagea_id
xnat:reconstructedImageData/parameters/addParam/meta/xft_version                                    xnat_addField_meta_data166		xnat_addField_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:reconstructedImageData/parameters/addParam/meta/last_modified                                  xnat_addField_meta_data167		xnat_addField_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:reconstructedImageData/parameters/addParam/meta/status                                         xnat_addField_meta_data168		xnat_addField_meta_data.status
xnat:reconstructedImageData/parameters/addParam/meta/activation_date                                xnat_addField_meta_data169		xnat_addField_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:reconstructedImageData/parameters/addParam/meta/row_last_modified                              xnat_addField_meta_data170		xnat_addField_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:reconstructedImageData/parameters/addParam/meta/insert_date                                    xnat_addField_meta_data171		xnat_addField_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:reconstructedImageData/parameters/addParam/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                   xnat_addField_meta_data172		xnat_addField_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:reconstructedImageData/parameters/addParam/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                       xnat_addField_meta_data173		xnat_addField_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:reconstructedImageData/parameters/addParam/meta/origin                                         xnat_addField_meta_data174		xnat_addField_meta_data.origin
xnat:reconstructedImageData/parameters/addParam/meta/modified                                       xnat_addField_meta_data175		xnat_addField_meta_data.modified
xnat:reconstructedImageData/parameters/addParam/meta/shareable                                      xnat_addField_meta_data176		xnat_addField_meta_data.shareable
xnat:reconstructedImageData/parameters/addParam/meta/meta_data_id                                   xnat_addField_meta_data177		xnat_addField_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:reconstructedImageData/computations/datum/name                                                 xnat_computationData178		xnat_computationData.name
xnat:reconstructedImageData/computations/datum/value                                                xnat_computationData179		xnat_computationData.value
xnat:reconstructedImageData/computations/datum/source                                               xnat_computationData180		xnat_computationData.source
xnat:reconstructedImageData/computations/datum/units                                                xnat_computationData181		xnat_computationData.units
xnat:reconstructedImageData/computations/datum/computationdata_info                                 xnat_computationData182		xnat_computationData.computationdata_info
xnat:reconstructedImageData/computations/datum/xnat_computationData_id                              xnat_computationData183		xnat_computationData.xnat_computationdata_id
xnat:reconstructedImageData/computations/datum/computations_datum_xnat_reconst_xnat_reconstructedimagedata_id	xnat_computationData184		xnat_computationData.computations_datum_xnat_reconst_xnat_reconstructedimagedata_id
xnat:reconstructedImageData/computations/datum/meta/xft_version                                     xnat_computationData_meta_data185		xnat_computationData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:reconstructedImageData/computations/datum/meta/last_modified                                   xnat_computationData_meta_data186		xnat_computationData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:reconstructedImageData/computations/datum/meta/status                                          xnat_computationData_meta_data187		xnat_computationData_meta_data.status
xnat:reconstructedImageData/computations/datum/meta/activation_date                                 xnat_computationData_meta_data188		xnat_computationData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:reconstructedImageData/computations/datum/meta/row_last_modified                               xnat_computationData_meta_data189		xnat_computationData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:reconstructedImageData/computations/datum/meta/insert_date                                     xnat_computationData_meta_data190		xnat_computationData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:reconstructedImageData/computations/datum/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                    xnat_computationData_meta_data191		xnat_computationData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:reconstructedImageData/computations/datum/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                        xnat_computationData_meta_data192		xnat_computationData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:reconstructedImageData/computations/datum/meta/origin                                          xnat_computationData_meta_data193		xnat_computationData_meta_data.origin
xnat:reconstructedImageData/computations/datum/meta/modified                                        xnat_computationData_meta_data194		xnat_computationData_meta_data.modified
xnat:reconstructedImageData/computations/datum/meta/shareable                                       xnat_computationData_meta_data195		xnat_computationData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:reconstructedImageData/computations/datum/meta/meta_data_id                                    xnat_computationData_meta_data196		xnat_computationData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:reconstructedImageData/meta/xft_version                                                        xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data197		xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:reconstructedImageData/meta/last_modified                                                      xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data198		xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:reconstructedImageData/meta/status                                                             xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data199		xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data.status
xnat:reconstructedImageData/meta/activation_date                                                    xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data200		xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:reconstructedImageData/meta/row_last_modified                                                  xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data201		xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:reconstructedImageData/meta/insert_date                                                        xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data202		xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:reconstructedImageData/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                                       xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data203		xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:reconstructedImageData/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                                           xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data204		xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:reconstructedImageData/meta/origin                                                             xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data205		xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data.origin
xnat:reconstructedImageData/meta/modified                                                           xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data206		xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data.modified
xnat:reconstructedImageData/meta/shareable                                                          xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data207		xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:reconstructedImageData/meta/meta_data_id                                                       xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data208		xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data.meta_data_id
