

*********************************************

ac_s_xnat_petSessionData_r
(ACTIVE - MULTIPLE - ROOT)

xnat:petSessionData/id                                                                              xnat_petSessionData0		xnat_experimentData.id
xnat:petSessionData/stabilization                                                                   xnat_petSessionData1		xnat_petSessionData.stabilization
xnat:petSessionData/studyType                                                                       xnat_petSessionData2		xnat_petSessionData.studytype
xnat:petSessionData/patientID                                                                       xnat_petSessionData3		xnat_petSessionData.patientid
xnat:petSessionData/patientName                                                                     xnat_petSessionData4		xnat_petSessionData.patientname
xnat:petSessionData/tracer/dose/units                                                               xnat_petSessionData5		xnat_petSessionData.tracer_dose_units
xnat:petSessionData/tracer/dose                                                                     xnat_petSessionData6		xnat_petSessionData.tracer_dose
xnat:petSessionData/tracer/specificActivity                                                         xnat_petSessionData7		xnat_petSessionData.tracer_specificactivity
xnat:petSessionData/tracer/totalMass/units                                                          xnat_petSessionData8		xnat_petSessionData.tracer_totalmass_units
xnat:petSessionData/tracer/totalMass                                                                xnat_petSessionData9		xnat_petSessionData.tracer_totalmass
xnat:petSessionData/tracer/intermediate/units                                                       xnat_petSessionData10		xnat_petSessionData.tracer_intermediate_units
xnat:petSessionData/tracer/intermediate                                                             xnat_petSessionData11		xnat_petSessionData.tracer_intermediate
xnat:petSessionData/tracer/isotope/half-life                                                        xnat_petSessionData12		xnat_petSessionData.tracer_isotope_half_life
xnat:petSessionData/tracer/isotope                                                                  xnat_petSessionData13		xnat_petSessionData.tracer_isotope
xnat:petSessionData/tracer/transmissions                                                            xnat_petSessionData14		xnat_petSessionData.tracer_transmissions
xnat:petSessionData/tracer/transmissions_starttime                                                  xnat_petSessionData15		xnat_petSessionData.tracer_transmissions_starttime
xnat:petSessionData/tracer/name                                                                     xnat_petSessionData16		xnat_petSessionData.tracer_name
xnat:petSessionData/tracer/startTime                                                                xnat_petSessionData17		xnat_petSessionData.tracer_starttime
xnat:petSessionData/start_time                                                                      xnat_petSessionData18		xnat_petSessionData.start_time
xnat:petSessionData/start_time_scan                                                                 xnat_petSessionData19		xnat_petSessionData.start_time_scan
xnat:petSessionData/start_time_injection                                                            xnat_petSessionData20		xnat_petSessionData.start_time_injection
xnat:petSessionData/blood_glucose                                                                   xnat_petSessionData21		xnat_petSessionData.blood_glucose
xnat:petSessionData/blood_glucose_units                                                             xnat_petSessionData22		xnat_petSessionData.blood_glucose_units
xnat:petSessionData/blood_glucose_time                                                              xnat_petSessionData23		xnat_petSessionData.blood_glucose_time
xnat:petSessionData/petsessiondata_info                                                             xnat_petSessionData24		xnat_petSessionData.petsessiondata_info
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/id                                                             xnat_imageSessionData25		xnat_experimentData.id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scanner                                                        xnat_imageSessionData26		xnat_imageSessionData.scanner
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scanner/manufacturer                                           xnat_imageSessionData27		xnat_imageSessionData.scanner_manufacturer
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scanner/model                                                  xnat_imageSessionData28		xnat_imageSessionData.scanner_model
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/operator                                                       xnat_imageSessionData29		xnat_imageSessionData.operator
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/prearchivePath                                                 xnat_imageSessionData30		xnat_imageSessionData.prearchivepath
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/dcmAccessionNumber                                             xnat_imageSessionData31		xnat_imageSessionData.dcmaccessionnumber
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/dcmPatientId                                                   xnat_imageSessionData32		xnat_imageSessionData.dcmpatientid
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/dcmPatientName                                                 xnat_imageSessionData33		xnat_imageSessionData.dcmpatientname
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/dcmPatientBirthDate                                            xnat_imageSessionData34		xnat_imageSessionData.dcmpatientbirthdate
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/session_type                                                   xnat_imageSessionData35		xnat_imageSessionData.session_type
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/modality                                                       xnat_imageSessionData36		xnat_imageSessionData.modality
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/UID                                                            xnat_imageSessionData37		xnat_imageSessionData.uid
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/imagesessiondata_info                                          xnat_imageSessionData38		xnat_imageSessionData.imagesessiondata_info
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/id                                         xnat_subjectAssessorData39		xnat_experimentData.id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/subject_ID                                 xnat_subjectAssessorData40		xnat_subjectAssessorData.subject_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/age                                        xnat_subjectAssessorData41		xnat_subjectAssessorData.age
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/subjectassessordata_info                   xnat_subjectAssessorData42		xnat_subjectAssessorData.subjectassessordata_info
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/date                        xnat_experimentData43		xnat_experimentData.date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/time                        xnat_experimentData44		xnat_experimentData.time
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/duration                    xnat_experimentData45		xnat_experimentData.duration
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/delay                       xnat_experimentData46		xnat_experimentData.delay
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/delay/ref_expt_id           xnat_experimentData47		xnat_experimentData.delay_ref_expt_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/note                        xnat_experimentData48		xnat_experimentData.note
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator_xnat_investigatordata_id	xnat_experimentData49		xnat_experimentData.investigator_xnat_investigatordata_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation_xnat_validationdata_id	xnat_experimentData50		xnat_experimentData.validation_xnat_validationdata_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/acquisition_site            xnat_experimentData51		xnat_experimentData.acquisition_site
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/ID                          xnat_experimentData52		xnat_experimentData.id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/project                     xnat_experimentData53		xnat_experimentData.project
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/visit_id                    xnat_experimentData54		xnat_experimentData.visit_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/visit                       xnat_experimentData55		xnat_experimentData.visit
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/version                     xnat_experimentData56		xnat_experimentData.version
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/original                    xnat_experimentData57		xnat_experimentData.original
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/protocol                    xnat_experimentData58		xnat_experimentData.protocol
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/label                       xnat_experimentData59		xnat_experimentData.label
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/extension                   xnat_experimentData60		xnat_experimentData.extension
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/experimentdata_info         xnat_experimentData61		xnat_experimentData.experimentdata_info
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/share         xnat_experimentData_share62		xnat_experimentData_share.share
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/label         xnat_experimentData_share63		xnat_experimentData_share.label
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/project       xnat_experimentData_share64		xnat_experimentData_share.project
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/visit         xnat_experimentData_share65		xnat_experimentData_share.visit
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/protocol      xnat_experimentData_share66		xnat_experimentData_share.protocol
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/experimentdata_share_info	xnat_experimentData_share67		xnat_experimentData_share.experimentdata_share_info
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/xnat_experimentData_share_id	xnat_experimentData_share68		xnat_experimentData_share.xnat_experimentdata_share_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/sharing_share_xnat_experimentda_id	xnat_experimentData_share69		xnat_experimentData_share.sharing_share_xnat_experimentda_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/xft_version	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data70		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/last_modified	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data71		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/status   xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data72		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.status
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/activation_date	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data73		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data74		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/insert_date	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data75		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data76		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data77		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/origin   xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data78		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.origin
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/modified xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data79		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/shareable	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data80		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.shareable
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/meta_data_id	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data81		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/title          xnat_investigatorData82		xnat_investigatorData.title
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/firstname      xnat_investigatorData83		xnat_investigatorData.firstname
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/lastname       xnat_investigatorData84		xnat_investigatorData.lastname
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/institution    xnat_investigatorData85		xnat_investigatorData.institution
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/department     xnat_investigatorData86		xnat_investigatorData.department
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/email          xnat_investigatorData87		xnat_investigatorData.email
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/phone          xnat_investigatorData88		xnat_investigatorData.phone
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/ID             xnat_investigatorData89		xnat_investigatorData.id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/investigatordata_info	xnat_investigatorData90		xnat_investigatorData.investigatordata_info
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/xnat_investigatorData_id	xnat_investigatorData91		xnat_investigatorData.xnat_investigatordata_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/xft_version	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data92		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/last_modified	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data93		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/status    xnat_investigatorData_meta_data94		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.status
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/activation_date	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data95		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data96		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/insert_date	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data97		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data98		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data99		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/origin    xnat_investigatorData_meta_data100		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.origin
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/modified  xnat_investigatorData_meta_data101		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/shareable xnat_investigatorData_meta_data102		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/investigator/meta/meta_data_id	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data103		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/method           xnat_validationData104		xnat_validationData.method
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/date             xnat_validationData105		xnat_validationData.date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/notes            xnat_validationData106		xnat_validationData.notes
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/validated_by     xnat_validationData107		xnat_validationData.validated_by
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/status           xnat_validationData108		xnat_validationData.status
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/validationdata_info	xnat_validationData109		xnat_validationData.validationdata_info
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/xnat_validationData_id	xnat_validationData110		xnat_validationData.xnat_validationdata_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/xft_version xnat_validationData_meta_data111		xnat_validationData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/last_modified	xnat_validationData_meta_data112		xnat_validationData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/status      xnat_validationData_meta_data113		xnat_validationData_meta_data.status
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/activation_date	xnat_validationData_meta_data114		xnat_validationData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_validationData_meta_data115		xnat_validationData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/insert_date xnat_validationData_meta_data116		xnat_validationData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_validationData_meta_data117		xnat_validationData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_validationData_meta_data118		xnat_validationData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/origin      xnat_validationData_meta_data119		xnat_validationData_meta_data.origin
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/modified    xnat_validationData_meta_data120		xnat_validationData_meta_data.modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/shareable   xnat_validationData_meta_data121		xnat_validationData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/validation/meta/meta_data_id	xnat_validationData_meta_data122		xnat_validationData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/note     xnat_abstractResource123		xnat_abstractResource.note
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/label    xnat_abstractResource124		xnat_abstractResource.label
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/file_count	xnat_abstractResource125		xnat_abstractResource.file_count
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/file_size	xnat_abstractResource126		xnat_abstractResource.file_size
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/extension	xnat_abstractResource127		xnat_abstractResource.extension
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/abstractresource_info	xnat_abstractResource128		xnat_abstractResource.abstractresource_info
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/xnat_abstractResource_id	xnat_abstractResource129		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id	xnat_abstractResource130		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/tag	xnat_abstractResource_tag131		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tag
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/name	xnat_abstractResource_tag132		xnat_abstractResource_tag.name
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/abstractresource_tag_info	xnat_abstractResource_tag133		xnat_abstractResource_tag.abstractresource_tag_info
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/xnat_abstractResource_tag_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag134		xnat_abstractResource_tag.xnat_abstractresource_tag_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag135		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/xft_version	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data136		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/last_modified	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data137		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/status	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data138		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.status
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/activation_date	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data139		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data140		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/insert_date	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data141		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data142		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data143		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/origin	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data144		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.origin
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/modified	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data145		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/shareable	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data146		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.shareable
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/meta_data_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data147		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/extension_item/element_name	xdat_meta_element148		xdat_meta_element.element_name
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id	xdat_meta_element149		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/xft_version	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data150		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/last_modified	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data151		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/status	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data152		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.status
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/activation_date	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data153		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data154		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/insert_date	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data155		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data156		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data157		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/origin	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data158		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.origin
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/modified	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data159		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/shareable	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data160		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.shareable
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/meta_data_id	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data161		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/field          xnat_experimentData_field162		xnat_experimentData_field.field
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/name           xnat_experimentData_field163		xnat_experimentData_field.name
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/experimentdata_field_info	xnat_experimentData_field164		xnat_experimentData_field.experimentdata_field_info
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/xnat_experimentData_field_id	xnat_experimentData_field165		xnat_experimentData_field.xnat_experimentdata_field_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/fields_field_xnat_experimentdat_id	xnat_experimentData_field166		xnat_experimentData_field.fields_field_xnat_experimentdat_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/xft_version	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data167		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/last_modified	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data168		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/status    xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data169		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.status
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/activation_date	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data170		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data171		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/insert_date	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data172		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data173		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data174		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/origin    xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data175		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.origin
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/modified  xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data176		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/shareable xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data177		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.shareable
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/meta_data_id	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data178		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/extension_item/element_name xdat_meta_element179		xdat_meta_element.element_name
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id	xdat_meta_element180		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/xft_version            xnat_experimentData_meta_data181		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/last_modified          xnat_experimentData_meta_data182		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/status                 xnat_experimentData_meta_data183		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.status
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/activation_date        xnat_experimentData_meta_data184		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/row_last_modified      xnat_experimentData_meta_data185		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/insert_date            xnat_experimentData_meta_data186		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_experimentData_meta_data187		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_experimentData_meta_data188		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/origin                 xnat_experimentData_meta_data189		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.origin
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/modified               xnat_experimentData_meta_data190		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/shareable              xnat_experimentData_meta_data191		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/experimentData/meta/meta_data_id           xnat_experimentData_meta_data192		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/meta/xft_version                           xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data193		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/meta/last_modified                         xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data194		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/meta/status                                xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data195		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.status
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/meta/activation_date                       xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data196		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/meta/row_last_modified                     xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data197		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/meta/insert_date                           xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data198		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id          xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data199		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id              xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data200		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/meta/origin                                xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data201		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.origin
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/meta/modified                              xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data202		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/meta/shareable                             xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data203		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/subjectAssessorData/meta/meta_data_id                          xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data204		xnat_subjectAssessorData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file_xnat_abstractresource_id                   xnat_regionResource205		xnat_regionResource.file_xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage_xnat_abstractresource_id              xnat_regionResource206		xnat_regionResource.baseimage_xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/creator/firstname                               xnat_regionResource207		xnat_regionResource.creator_firstname
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/creator/lastname                                xnat_regionResource208		xnat_regionResource.creator_lastname
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/name                                            xnat_regionResource209		xnat_regionResource.name
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/hemisphere                                      xnat_regionResource210		xnat_regionResource.hemisphere
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/session_id                                      xnat_regionResource211		xnat_regionResource.session_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/regionresource_info                             xnat_regionResource212		xnat_regionResource.regionresource_info
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/xnat_regionResource_id                          xnat_regionResource213		xnat_regionResource.xnat_regionresource_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/note                                       xnat_abstractResource214		xnat_abstractResource.note
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/label                                      xnat_abstractResource215		xnat_abstractResource.label
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/file_count                                 xnat_abstractResource216		xnat_abstractResource.file_count
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/file_size                                  xnat_abstractResource217		xnat_abstractResource.file_size
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/extension                                  xnat_abstractResource218		xnat_abstractResource.extension
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/abstractresource_info                      xnat_abstractResource219		xnat_abstractResource.abstractresource_info
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/xnat_abstractResource_id                   xnat_abstractResource220		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id   xnat_abstractResource221		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/tags/tag/tag                               xnat_abstractResource_tag222		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tag
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/tags/tag/name                              xnat_abstractResource_tag223		xnat_abstractResource_tag.name
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/tags/tag/abstractresource_tag_info         xnat_abstractResource_tag224		xnat_abstractResource_tag.abstractresource_tag_info
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/tags/tag/xnat_abstractResource_tag_id      xnat_abstractResource_tag225		xnat_abstractResource_tag.xnat_abstractresource_tag_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/tags/tag/tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag226		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/tags/tag/meta/xft_version                  xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data227		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/tags/tag/meta/last_modified                xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data228		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/tags/tag/meta/status                       xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data229		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.status
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/tags/tag/meta/activation_date              xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data230		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/tags/tag/meta/row_last_modified            xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data231		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/tags/tag/meta/insert_date                  xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data232		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/tags/tag/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data233		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/tags/tag/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id     xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data234		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/tags/tag/meta/origin                       xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data235		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.origin
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/tags/tag/meta/modified                     xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data236		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/tags/tag/meta/shareable                    xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data237		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.shareable
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/tags/tag/meta/meta_data_id                 xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data238		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/extension_item/element_name                xdat_meta_element239		xdat_meta_element.element_name
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id        xdat_meta_element240		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/meta/xft_version                           xnat_abstractResource_meta_data241		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/meta/last_modified                         xnat_abstractResource_meta_data242		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/meta/status                                xnat_abstractResource_meta_data243		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.status
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/meta/activation_date                       xnat_abstractResource_meta_data244		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/meta/row_last_modified                     xnat_abstractResource_meta_data245		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/meta/insert_date                           xnat_abstractResource_meta_data246		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id          xnat_abstractResource_meta_data247		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id              xnat_abstractResource_meta_data248		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/meta/origin                                xnat_abstractResource_meta_data249		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.origin
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/meta/modified                              xnat_abstractResource_meta_data250		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/meta/shareable                             xnat_abstractResource_meta_data251		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.shareable
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/file/meta/meta_data_id                          xnat_abstractResource_meta_data252		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/note                                  xnat_abstractResource253		xnat_abstractResource.note
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/label                                 xnat_abstractResource254		xnat_abstractResource.label
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/file_count                            xnat_abstractResource255		xnat_abstractResource.file_count
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/file_size                             xnat_abstractResource256		xnat_abstractResource.file_size
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/extension                             xnat_abstractResource257		xnat_abstractResource.extension
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/abstractresource_info                 xnat_abstractResource258		xnat_abstractResource.abstractresource_info
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/xnat_abstractResource_id              xnat_abstractResource259		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id	xnat_abstractResource260		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/tags/tag/tag                          xnat_abstractResource_tag261		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tag
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/tags/tag/name                         xnat_abstractResource_tag262		xnat_abstractResource_tag.name
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/tags/tag/abstractresource_tag_info    xnat_abstractResource_tag263		xnat_abstractResource_tag.abstractresource_tag_info
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/tags/tag/xnat_abstractResource_tag_id xnat_abstractResource_tag264		xnat_abstractResource_tag.xnat_abstractresource_tag_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/tags/tag/tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag265		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/tags/tag/meta/xft_version             xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data266		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/tags/tag/meta/last_modified           xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data267		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/tags/tag/meta/status                  xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data268		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.status
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/tags/tag/meta/activation_date         xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data269		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/tags/tag/meta/row_last_modified       xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data270		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/tags/tag/meta/insert_date             xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data271		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/tags/tag/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data272		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/tags/tag/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data273		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/tags/tag/meta/origin                  xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data274		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.origin
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/tags/tag/meta/modified                xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data275		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/tags/tag/meta/shareable               xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data276		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.shareable
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/tags/tag/meta/meta_data_id            xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data277		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/extension_item/element_name           xdat_meta_element278		xdat_meta_element.element_name
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id   xdat_meta_element279		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/meta/xft_version                      xnat_abstractResource_meta_data280		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/meta/last_modified                    xnat_abstractResource_meta_data281		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/meta/status                           xnat_abstractResource_meta_data282		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.status
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/meta/activation_date                  xnat_abstractResource_meta_data283		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/meta/row_last_modified                xnat_abstractResource_meta_data284		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/meta/insert_date                      xnat_abstractResource_meta_data285		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id     xnat_abstractResource_meta_data286		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id         xnat_abstractResource_meta_data287		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/meta/origin                           xnat_abstractResource_meta_data288		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.origin
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/meta/modified                         xnat_abstractResource_meta_data289		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/meta/shareable                        xnat_abstractResource_meta_data290		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.shareable
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/baseimage/meta/meta_data_id                     xnat_abstractResource_meta_data291		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/subregionlabels/label/label                     xnat_regionResource_label292		xnat_regionResource_label.label
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/subregionlabels/label/id                        xnat_regionResource_label293		xnat_regionResource_label.id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/subregionlabels/label/hemisphere                xnat_regionResource_label294		xnat_regionResource_label.hemisphere
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/subregionlabels/label/regionresource_label_info xnat_regionResource_label295		xnat_regionResource_label.regionresource_label_info
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/subregionlabels/label/xnat_regionResource_label_id	xnat_regionResource_label296		xnat_regionResource_label.xnat_regionresource_label_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/subregionlabels/label/subregionlabels_label_xnat_regi_xnat_regionresource_id	xnat_regionResource_label297		xnat_regionResource_label.subregionlabels_label_xnat_regi_xnat_regionresource_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/subregionlabels/label/meta/xft_version          xnat_regionResource_label_meta_data298		xnat_regionResource_label_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/subregionlabels/label/meta/last_modified        xnat_regionResource_label_meta_data299		xnat_regionResource_label_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/subregionlabels/label/meta/status               xnat_regionResource_label_meta_data300		xnat_regionResource_label_meta_data.status
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/subregionlabels/label/meta/activation_date      xnat_regionResource_label_meta_data301		xnat_regionResource_label_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/subregionlabels/label/meta/row_last_modified    xnat_regionResource_label_meta_data302		xnat_regionResource_label_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/subregionlabels/label/meta/insert_date          xnat_regionResource_label_meta_data303		xnat_regionResource_label_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/subregionlabels/label/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_regionResource_label_meta_data304		xnat_regionResource_label_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/subregionlabels/label/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_regionResource_label_meta_data305		xnat_regionResource_label_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/subregionlabels/label/meta/origin               xnat_regionResource_label_meta_data306		xnat_regionResource_label_meta_data.origin
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/subregionlabels/label/meta/modified             xnat_regionResource_label_meta_data307		xnat_regionResource_label_meta_data.modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/subregionlabels/label/meta/shareable            xnat_regionResource_label_meta_data308		xnat_regionResource_label_meta_data.shareable
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/subregionlabels/label/meta/meta_data_id         xnat_regionResource_label_meta_data309		xnat_regionResource_label_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/meta/xft_version                                xnat_regionResource_meta_data310		xnat_regionResource_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/meta/last_modified                              xnat_regionResource_meta_data311		xnat_regionResource_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/meta/status                                     xnat_regionResource_meta_data312		xnat_regionResource_meta_data.status
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/meta/activation_date                            xnat_regionResource_meta_data313		xnat_regionResource_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/meta/row_last_modified                          xnat_regionResource_meta_data314		xnat_regionResource_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/meta/insert_date                                xnat_regionResource_meta_data315		xnat_regionResource_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id               xnat_regionResource_meta_data316		xnat_regionResource_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                   xnat_regionResource_meta_data317		xnat_regionResource_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/meta/origin                                     xnat_regionResource_meta_data318		xnat_regionResource_meta_data.origin
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/meta/modified                                   xnat_regionResource_meta_data319		xnat_regionResource_meta_data.modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/meta/shareable                                  xnat_regionResource_meta_data320		xnat_regionResource_meta_data.shareable
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/regions/region/meta/meta_data_id                               xnat_regionResource_meta_data321		xnat_regionResource_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/image_session_ID                                    xnat_imageScanData322		xnat_imageScanData.image_session_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/note                                                xnat_imageScanData323		xnat_imageScanData.note
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/quality                                             xnat_imageScanData324		xnat_imageScanData.quality
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/condition                                           xnat_imageScanData325		xnat_imageScanData.condition
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/series_description                                  xnat_imageScanData326		xnat_imageScanData.series_description
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/documentation                                       xnat_imageScanData327		xnat_imageScanData.documentation
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/scanner                                             xnat_imageScanData328		xnat_imageScanData.scanner
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/scanner/manufacturer                                xnat_imageScanData329		xnat_imageScanData.scanner_manufacturer
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/scanner/model                                       xnat_imageScanData330		xnat_imageScanData.scanner_model
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/modality                                            xnat_imageScanData331		xnat_imageScanData.modality
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/frames                                              xnat_imageScanData332		xnat_imageScanData.frames
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/operator                                            xnat_imageScanData333		xnat_imageScanData.operator
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/validation_xnat_validationdata_id                   xnat_imageScanData334		xnat_imageScanData.validation_xnat_validationdata_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/startTime                                           xnat_imageScanData335		xnat_imageScanData.starttime
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/ID                                                  xnat_imageScanData336		xnat_imageScanData.id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/type                                                xnat_imageScanData337		xnat_imageScanData.type
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/UID                                                 xnat_imageScanData338		xnat_imageScanData.uid
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/project                                             xnat_imageScanData339		xnat_imageScanData.project
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/extension                                           xnat_imageScanData340		xnat_imageScanData.extension
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/imagescandata_info                                  xnat_imageScanData341		xnat_imageScanData.imagescandata_info
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/xnat_imageScanData_id                               xnat_imageScanData342		xnat_imageScanData.xnat_imagescandata_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/sharing/share/share                                 xnat_imageScanData_share343		xnat_imageScanData_share.share
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/sharing/share/label                                 xnat_imageScanData_share344		xnat_imageScanData_share.label
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/sharing/share/project                               xnat_imageScanData_share345		xnat_imageScanData_share.project
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/sharing/share/imagescandata_share_info              xnat_imageScanData_share346		xnat_imageScanData_share.imagescandata_share_info
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/sharing/share/xnat_imageScanData_share_id           xnat_imageScanData_share347		xnat_imageScanData_share.xnat_imagescandata_share_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/sharing/share/sharing_share_xnat_imagescandat_xnat_imagescandata_id	xnat_imageScanData_share348		xnat_imageScanData_share.sharing_share_xnat_imagescandat_xnat_imagescandata_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/sharing/share/meta/xft_version                      xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data349		xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/sharing/share/meta/last_modified                    xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data350		xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/sharing/share/meta/status                           xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data351		xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data.status
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/sharing/share/meta/activation_date                  xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data352		xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/sharing/share/meta/row_last_modified                xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data353		xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/sharing/share/meta/insert_date                      xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data354		xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/sharing/share/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id     xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data355		xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/sharing/share/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id         xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data356		xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/sharing/share/meta/origin                           xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data357		xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data.origin
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/sharing/share/meta/modified                         xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data358		xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data.modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/sharing/share/meta/shareable                        xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data359		xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data.shareable
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/sharing/share/meta/meta_data_id                     xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data360		xnat_imageScanData_share_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/note                                           xnat_abstractResource361		xnat_abstractResource.note
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/label                                          xnat_abstractResource362		xnat_abstractResource.label
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/file_count                                     xnat_abstractResource363		xnat_abstractResource.file_count
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/file_size                                      xnat_abstractResource364		xnat_abstractResource.file_size
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/extension                                      xnat_abstractResource365		xnat_abstractResource.extension
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/abstractresource_info                          xnat_abstractResource366		xnat_abstractResource.abstractresource_info
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/xnat_abstractResource_id                       xnat_abstractResource367		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id       xnat_abstractResource368		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/tags/tag/tag                                   xnat_abstractResource_tag369		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tag
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/tags/tag/name                                  xnat_abstractResource_tag370		xnat_abstractResource_tag.name
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/tags/tag/abstractresource_tag_info             xnat_abstractResource_tag371		xnat_abstractResource_tag.abstractresource_tag_info
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/tags/tag/xnat_abstractResource_tag_id          xnat_abstractResource_tag372		xnat_abstractResource_tag.xnat_abstractresource_tag_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/tags/tag/tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag373		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/tags/tag/meta/xft_version                      xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data374		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/tags/tag/meta/last_modified                    xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data375		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/tags/tag/meta/status                           xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data376		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.status
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/tags/tag/meta/activation_date                  xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data377		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/tags/tag/meta/row_last_modified                xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data378		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/tags/tag/meta/insert_date                      xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data379		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/tags/tag/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id     xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data380		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/tags/tag/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id         xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data381		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/tags/tag/meta/origin                           xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data382		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.origin
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/tags/tag/meta/modified                         xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data383		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/tags/tag/meta/shareable                        xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data384		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.shareable
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/tags/tag/meta/meta_data_id                     xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data385		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/extension_item/element_name                    xdat_meta_element386		xdat_meta_element.element_name
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id            xdat_meta_element387		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/meta/xft_version                               xnat_abstractResource_meta_data388		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/meta/last_modified                             xnat_abstractResource_meta_data389		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/meta/status                                    xnat_abstractResource_meta_data390		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.status
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/meta/activation_date                           xnat_abstractResource_meta_data391		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/meta/row_last_modified                         xnat_abstractResource_meta_data392		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/meta/insert_date                               xnat_abstractResource_meta_data393		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id              xnat_abstractResource_meta_data394		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                  xnat_abstractResource_meta_data395		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/meta/origin                                    xnat_abstractResource_meta_data396		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.origin
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/meta/modified                                  xnat_abstractResource_meta_data397		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/meta/shareable                                 xnat_abstractResource_meta_data398		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.shareable
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/file/meta/meta_data_id                              xnat_abstractResource_meta_data399		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/validation/method                                   xnat_validationData400		xnat_validationData.method
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/validation/date                                     xnat_validationData401		xnat_validationData.date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/validation/notes                                    xnat_validationData402		xnat_validationData.notes
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/validation/validated_by                             xnat_validationData403		xnat_validationData.validated_by
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/validation/status                                   xnat_validationData404		xnat_validationData.status
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/validation/validationdata_info                      xnat_validationData405		xnat_validationData.validationdata_info
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/validation/xnat_validationData_id                   xnat_validationData406		xnat_validationData.xnat_validationdata_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/validation/meta/xft_version                         xnat_validationData_meta_data407		xnat_validationData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/validation/meta/last_modified                       xnat_validationData_meta_data408		xnat_validationData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/validation/meta/status                              xnat_validationData_meta_data409		xnat_validationData_meta_data.status
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/validation/meta/activation_date                     xnat_validationData_meta_data410		xnat_validationData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/validation/meta/row_last_modified                   xnat_validationData_meta_data411		xnat_validationData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/validation/meta/insert_date                         xnat_validationData_meta_data412		xnat_validationData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/validation/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id        xnat_validationData_meta_data413		xnat_validationData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/validation/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id            xnat_validationData_meta_data414		xnat_validationData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/validation/meta/origin                              xnat_validationData_meta_data415		xnat_validationData_meta_data.origin
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/validation/meta/modified                            xnat_validationData_meta_data416		xnat_validationData_meta_data.modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/validation/meta/shareable                           xnat_validationData_meta_data417		xnat_validationData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/validation/meta/meta_data_id                        xnat_validationData_meta_data418		xnat_validationData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/extension_item/element_name                         xdat_meta_element419		xdat_meta_element.element_name
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id                 xdat_meta_element420		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/meta/xft_version                                    xnat_imageScanData_meta_data421		xnat_imageScanData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/meta/last_modified                                  xnat_imageScanData_meta_data422		xnat_imageScanData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/meta/status                                         xnat_imageScanData_meta_data423		xnat_imageScanData_meta_data.status
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/meta/activation_date                                xnat_imageScanData_meta_data424		xnat_imageScanData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/meta/row_last_modified                              xnat_imageScanData_meta_data425		xnat_imageScanData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/meta/insert_date                                    xnat_imageScanData_meta_data426		xnat_imageScanData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                   xnat_imageScanData_meta_data427		xnat_imageScanData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                       xnat_imageScanData_meta_data428		xnat_imageScanData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/meta/origin                                         xnat_imageScanData_meta_data429		xnat_imageScanData_meta_data.origin
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/meta/modified                                       xnat_imageScanData_meta_data430		xnat_imageScanData_meta_data.modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/meta/shareable                                      xnat_imageScanData_meta_data431		xnat_imageScanData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/scans/scan/meta/meta_data_id                                   xnat_imageScanData_meta_data432		xnat_imageScanData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/image_session_ID            xnat_reconstructedImageData433		xnat_reconstructedImageData.image_session_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance_prov_process_id  xnat_reconstructedImageData434		xnat_reconstructedImageData.provenance_prov_process_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/ID                          xnat_reconstructedImageData435		xnat_reconstructedImageData.id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/type                        xnat_reconstructedImageData436		xnat_reconstructedImageData.type
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/baseScanType                xnat_reconstructedImageData437		xnat_reconstructedImageData.basescantype
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/reconstructedimagedata_info xnat_reconstructedImageData438		xnat_reconstructedImageData.reconstructedimagedata_info
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/xnat_reconstructedImageData_id	xnat_reconstructedImageData439		xnat_reconstructedImageData.xnat_reconstructedimagedata_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/inScans/scanID/scanID       xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID440		xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID.scanid
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/inScans/scanID/reconstructedimagedata_scanid_info	xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID441		xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID.reconstructedimagedata_scanid_info
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/inScans/scanID/xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_id	xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID442		xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID.xnat_reconstructedimagedata_scanid_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/inScans/scanID/inscans_scanid_xnat_reconstruct_xnat_reconstructedimagedata_id	xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID443		xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID.inscans_scanid_xnat_reconstruct_xnat_reconstructedimagedata_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/inScans/scanID/meta/xft_version	xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data444		xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/inScans/scanID/meta/last_modified	xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data445		xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/inScans/scanID/meta/status  xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data446		xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data.status
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/inScans/scanID/meta/activation_date	xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data447		xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/inScans/scanID/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data448		xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/inScans/scanID/meta/insert_date	xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data449		xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/inScans/scanID/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data450		xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/inScans/scanID/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data451		xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/inScans/scanID/meta/origin  xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data452		xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data.origin
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/inScans/scanID/meta/modified	xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data453		xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data.modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/inScans/scanID/meta/shareable	xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data454		xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data.shareable
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/inScans/scanID/meta/meta_data_id	xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data455		xnat_reconstructedImageData_scanID_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/note                xnat_abstractResource456		xnat_abstractResource.note
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/label               xnat_abstractResource457		xnat_abstractResource.label
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/file_count          xnat_abstractResource458		xnat_abstractResource.file_count
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/file_size           xnat_abstractResource459		xnat_abstractResource.file_size
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/extension           xnat_abstractResource460		xnat_abstractResource.extension
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/abstractresource_info	xnat_abstractResource461		xnat_abstractResource.abstractresource_info
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/xnat_abstractResource_id	xnat_abstractResource462		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id	xnat_abstractResource463		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/tags/tag/tag        xnat_abstractResource_tag464		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tag
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/tags/tag/name       xnat_abstractResource_tag465		xnat_abstractResource_tag.name
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/tags/tag/abstractresource_tag_info	xnat_abstractResource_tag466		xnat_abstractResource_tag.abstractresource_tag_info
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/tags/tag/xnat_abstractResource_tag_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag467		xnat_abstractResource_tag.xnat_abstractresource_tag_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/tags/tag/tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag468		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/tags/tag/meta/xft_version	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data469		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/tags/tag/meta/last_modified	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data470		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/tags/tag/meta/status	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data471		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.status
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/tags/tag/meta/activation_date	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data472		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/tags/tag/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data473		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/tags/tag/meta/insert_date	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data474		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/tags/tag/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data475		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/tags/tag/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data476		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/tags/tag/meta/origin	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data477		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.origin
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/tags/tag/meta/modified	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data478		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/tags/tag/meta/shareable	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data479		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.shareable
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/tags/tag/meta/meta_data_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data480		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/extension_item/element_name	xdat_meta_element481		xdat_meta_element.element_name
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id	xdat_meta_element482		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/meta/xft_version    xnat_abstractResource_meta_data483		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/meta/last_modified  xnat_abstractResource_meta_data484		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/meta/status         xnat_abstractResource_meta_data485		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.status
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/meta/activation_date	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data486		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data487		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/meta/insert_date    xnat_abstractResource_meta_data488		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data489		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data490		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/meta/origin         xnat_abstractResource_meta_data491		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.origin
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/meta/modified       xnat_abstractResource_meta_data492		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/meta/shareable      xnat_abstractResource_meta_data493		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.shareable
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/in/file/meta/meta_data_id   xnat_abstractResource_meta_data494		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/note               xnat_abstractResource495		xnat_abstractResource.note
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/label              xnat_abstractResource496		xnat_abstractResource.label
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/file_count         xnat_abstractResource497		xnat_abstractResource.file_count
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/file_size          xnat_abstractResource498		xnat_abstractResource.file_size
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/extension          xnat_abstractResource499		xnat_abstractResource.extension
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/abstractresource_info	xnat_abstractResource500		xnat_abstractResource.abstractresource_info
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/xnat_abstractResource_id	xnat_abstractResource501		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id	xnat_abstractResource502		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/tags/tag/tag       xnat_abstractResource_tag503		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tag
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/tags/tag/name      xnat_abstractResource_tag504		xnat_abstractResource_tag.name
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/tags/tag/abstractresource_tag_info	xnat_abstractResource_tag505		xnat_abstractResource_tag.abstractresource_tag_info
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/tags/tag/xnat_abstractResource_tag_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag506		xnat_abstractResource_tag.xnat_abstractresource_tag_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/tags/tag/tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag507		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/tags/tag/meta/xft_version	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data508		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/tags/tag/meta/last_modified	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data509		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/tags/tag/meta/status	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data510		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.status
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/tags/tag/meta/activation_date	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data511		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/tags/tag/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data512		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/tags/tag/meta/insert_date	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data513		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/tags/tag/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data514		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/tags/tag/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data515		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/tags/tag/meta/origin	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data516		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.origin
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/tags/tag/meta/modified	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data517		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/tags/tag/meta/shareable	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data518		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.shareable
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/tags/tag/meta/meta_data_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data519		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/extension_item/element_name	xdat_meta_element520		xdat_meta_element.element_name
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id	xdat_meta_element521		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/meta/xft_version   xnat_abstractResource_meta_data522		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/meta/last_modified xnat_abstractResource_meta_data523		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/meta/status        xnat_abstractResource_meta_data524		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.status
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/meta/activation_date	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data525		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data526		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/meta/insert_date   xnat_abstractResource_meta_data527		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data528		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data529		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/meta/origin        xnat_abstractResource_meta_data530		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.origin
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/meta/modified      xnat_abstractResource_meta_data531		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/meta/shareable     xnat_abstractResource_meta_data532		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.shareable
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/out/file/meta/meta_data_id  xnat_abstractResource_meta_data533		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/process_info     prov_process534		prov_process.process_info
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/prov_process_id  prov_process535		prov_process.prov_process_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/program	prov_processStep536		prov_processStep.program
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/program/version	prov_processStep537		prov_processStep.program_version
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/program/arguments	prov_processStep538		prov_processStep.program_arguments
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/timestamp	prov_processStep539		prov_processStep.timestamp
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/cvs  prov_processStep540		prov_processStep.cvs
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/user prov_processStep541		prov_processStep.user_name
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/machine	prov_processStep542		prov_processStep.machine
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/platform	prov_processStep543		prov_processStep.platform
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/platform/version	prov_processStep544		prov_processStep.platform_version
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/compiler	prov_processStep545		prov_processStep.compiler
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/compiler/version	prov_processStep546		prov_processStep.compiler_version
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/processstep_info	prov_processStep547		prov_processStep.processstep_info
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/prov_processStep_id	prov_processStep548		prov_processStep.prov_processstep_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/prov_process_prov_process_id	prov_processStep549		prov_processStep.prov_process_prov_process_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/library/library	prov_processStep_library550		prov_processStep_library.library
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/library/version	prov_processStep_library551		prov_processStep_library.version
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/library/processstep_library_info	prov_processStep_library552		prov_processStep_library.processstep_library_info
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/library/prov_processStep_library_id	prov_processStep_library553		prov_processStep_library.prov_processstep_library_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/library/prov_processstep_prov_processstep_id	prov_processStep_library554		prov_processStep_library.prov_processstep_prov_processstep_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/library/meta/xft_version	prov_processStep_library_meta_data555		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/library/meta/last_modified	prov_processStep_library_meta_data556		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/library/meta/status	prov_processStep_library_meta_data557		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.status
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/library/meta/activation_date	prov_processStep_library_meta_data558		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/library/meta/row_last_modified	prov_processStep_library_meta_data559		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/library/meta/insert_date	prov_processStep_library_meta_data560		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/library/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	prov_processStep_library_meta_data561		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/library/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	prov_processStep_library_meta_data562		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/library/meta/origin	prov_processStep_library_meta_data563		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.origin
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/library/meta/modified	prov_processStep_library_meta_data564		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/library/meta/shareable	prov_processStep_library_meta_data565		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.shareable
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/library/meta/meta_data_id	prov_processStep_library_meta_data566		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/meta/xft_version	prov_processStep_meta_data567		prov_processStep_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/meta/last_modified	prov_processStep_meta_data568		prov_processStep_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/meta/status	prov_processStep_meta_data569		prov_processStep_meta_data.status
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/meta/activation_date	prov_processStep_meta_data570		prov_processStep_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/meta/row_last_modified	prov_processStep_meta_data571		prov_processStep_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/meta/insert_date	prov_processStep_meta_data572		prov_processStep_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	prov_processStep_meta_data573		prov_processStep_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	prov_processStep_meta_data574		prov_processStep_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/meta/origin	prov_processStep_meta_data575		prov_processStep_meta_data.origin
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/meta/modified	prov_processStep_meta_data576		prov_processStep_meta_data.modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/meta/shareable	prov_processStep_meta_data577		prov_processStep_meta_data.shareable
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/processStep/meta/meta_data_id	prov_processStep_meta_data578		prov_processStep_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/meta/xft_version prov_process_meta_data579		prov_process_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/meta/last_modified	prov_process_meta_data580		prov_process_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/meta/status      prov_process_meta_data581		prov_process_meta_data.status
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/meta/activation_date	prov_process_meta_data582		prov_process_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/meta/row_last_modified	prov_process_meta_data583		prov_process_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/meta/insert_date prov_process_meta_data584		prov_process_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	prov_process_meta_data585		prov_process_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	prov_process_meta_data586		prov_process_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/meta/origin      prov_process_meta_data587		prov_process_meta_data.origin
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/meta/modified    prov_process_meta_data588		prov_process_meta_data.modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/meta/shareable   prov_process_meta_data589		prov_process_meta_data.shareable
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/provenance/meta/meta_data_id	prov_process_meta_data590		prov_process_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/parameters/addParam/addField	xnat_addField591		xnat_addField.addfield
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/parameters/addParam/name    xnat_addField592		xnat_addField.name
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/parameters/addParam/addfield_info	xnat_addField593		xnat_addField.addfield_info
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/parameters/addParam/xnat_addField_id	xnat_addField594		xnat_addField.xnat_addfield_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/parameters/addParam/parameters_addparam_xnat_mrscan_xnat_imagescandata_id	xnat_addField595		xnat_addField.parameters_addparam_xnat_mrscan_xnat_imagescandata_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/parameters/addParam/parameters_addparam_xnat_recons_xnat_reconstructedimagedata_id	xnat_addField596		xnat_addField.parameters_addparam_xnat_recons_xnat_reconstructedimagedata_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/parameters/addParam/parameters_addparam_xnat_petsca_xnat_imagescandata_id	xnat_addField597		xnat_addField.parameters_addparam_xnat_petsca_xnat_imagescandata_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/parameters/addParam/parameters_addparam_xnat_imagea_id	xnat_addField598		xnat_addField.parameters_addparam_xnat_imagea_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/parameters/addParam/meta/xft_version	xnat_addField_meta_data599		xnat_addField_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/parameters/addParam/meta/last_modified	xnat_addField_meta_data600		xnat_addField_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/parameters/addParam/meta/status	xnat_addField_meta_data601		xnat_addField_meta_data.status
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/parameters/addParam/meta/activation_date	xnat_addField_meta_data602		xnat_addField_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/parameters/addParam/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_addField_meta_data603		xnat_addField_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/parameters/addParam/meta/insert_date	xnat_addField_meta_data604		xnat_addField_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/parameters/addParam/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_addField_meta_data605		xnat_addField_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/parameters/addParam/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_addField_meta_data606		xnat_addField_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/parameters/addParam/meta/origin	xnat_addField_meta_data607		xnat_addField_meta_data.origin
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/parameters/addParam/meta/modified	xnat_addField_meta_data608		xnat_addField_meta_data.modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/parameters/addParam/meta/shareable	xnat_addField_meta_data609		xnat_addField_meta_data.shareable
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/parameters/addParam/meta/meta_data_id	xnat_addField_meta_data610		xnat_addField_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/computations/datum/name     xnat_computationData611		xnat_computationData.name
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/computations/datum/value    xnat_computationData612		xnat_computationData.value
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/computations/datum/source   xnat_computationData613		xnat_computationData.source
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/computations/datum/units    xnat_computationData614		xnat_computationData.units
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/computations/datum/computationdata_info	xnat_computationData615		xnat_computationData.computationdata_info
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/computations/datum/xnat_computationData_id	xnat_computationData616		xnat_computationData.xnat_computationdata_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/computations/datum/computations_datum_xnat_reconst_xnat_reconstructedimagedata_id	xnat_computationData617		xnat_computationData.computations_datum_xnat_reconst_xnat_reconstructedimagedata_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/computations/datum/meta/xft_version	xnat_computationData_meta_data618		xnat_computationData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/computations/datum/meta/last_modified	xnat_computationData_meta_data619		xnat_computationData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/computations/datum/meta/status	xnat_computationData_meta_data620		xnat_computationData_meta_data.status
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/computations/datum/meta/activation_date	xnat_computationData_meta_data621		xnat_computationData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/computations/datum/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_computationData_meta_data622		xnat_computationData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/computations/datum/meta/insert_date	xnat_computationData_meta_data623		xnat_computationData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/computations/datum/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_computationData_meta_data624		xnat_computationData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/computations/datum/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_computationData_meta_data625		xnat_computationData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/computations/datum/meta/origin	xnat_computationData_meta_data626		xnat_computationData_meta_data.origin
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/computations/datum/meta/modified	xnat_computationData_meta_data627		xnat_computationData_meta_data.modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/computations/datum/meta/shareable	xnat_computationData_meta_data628		xnat_computationData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/computations/datum/meta/meta_data_id	xnat_computationData_meta_data629		xnat_computationData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/meta/xft_version            xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data630		xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/meta/last_modified          xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data631		xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/meta/status                 xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data632		xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data.status
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/meta/activation_date        xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data633		xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/meta/row_last_modified      xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data634		xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/meta/insert_date            xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data635		xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data636		xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data637		xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/meta/origin                 xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data638		xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data.origin
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/meta/modified               xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data639		xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data.modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/meta/shareable              xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data640		xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/reconstructions/reconstructedImage/meta/meta_data_id           xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data641		xnat_reconstructedImageData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/id                                          xnat_imageAssessorData642		xnat_experimentData.id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/imageSession_ID                             xnat_imageAssessorData643		xnat_imageAssessorData.imagesession_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/imageassessordata_info                      xnat_imageAssessorData644		xnat_imageAssessorData.imageassessordata_info
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/id                              xnat_derivedData645		xnat_experimentData.id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance_prov_process_id      xnat_derivedData646		xnat_derivedData.provenance_prov_process_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/deriveddata_info                xnat_derivedData647		xnat_derivedData.deriveddata_info
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/date             xnat_experimentData648		xnat_experimentData.date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/time             xnat_experimentData649		xnat_experimentData.time
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/duration         xnat_experimentData650		xnat_experimentData.duration
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/delay            xnat_experimentData651		xnat_experimentData.delay
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/delay/ref_expt_id	xnat_experimentData652		xnat_experimentData.delay_ref_expt_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/note             xnat_experimentData653		xnat_experimentData.note
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/investigator_xnat_investigatordata_id	xnat_experimentData654		xnat_experimentData.investigator_xnat_investigatordata_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/validation_xnat_validationdata_id	xnat_experimentData655		xnat_experimentData.validation_xnat_validationdata_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/acquisition_site xnat_experimentData656		xnat_experimentData.acquisition_site
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/ID               xnat_experimentData657		xnat_experimentData.id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/project          xnat_experimentData658		xnat_experimentData.project
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/visit_id         xnat_experimentData659		xnat_experimentData.visit_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/visit            xnat_experimentData660		xnat_experimentData.visit
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/version          xnat_experimentData661		xnat_experimentData.version
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/original         xnat_experimentData662		xnat_experimentData.original
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/protocol         xnat_experimentData663		xnat_experimentData.protocol
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/label            xnat_experimentData664		xnat_experimentData.label
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/extension        xnat_experimentData665		xnat_experimentData.extension
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/experimentdata_info	xnat_experimentData666		xnat_experimentData.experimentdata_info
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/share	xnat_experimentData_share667		xnat_experimentData_share.share
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/label	xnat_experimentData_share668		xnat_experimentData_share.label
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/project	xnat_experimentData_share669		xnat_experimentData_share.project
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/visit	xnat_experimentData_share670		xnat_experimentData_share.visit
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/protocol	xnat_experimentData_share671		xnat_experimentData_share.protocol
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/experimentdata_share_info	xnat_experimentData_share672		xnat_experimentData_share.experimentdata_share_info
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/xnat_experimentData_share_id	xnat_experimentData_share673		xnat_experimentData_share.xnat_experimentdata_share_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/sharing_share_xnat_experimentda_id	xnat_experimentData_share674		xnat_experimentData_share.sharing_share_xnat_experimentda_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/xft_version	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data675		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/last_modified	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data676		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/status	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data677		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.status
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/activation_date	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data678		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data679		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/insert_date	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data680		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data681		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data682		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/origin	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data683		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.origin
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/modified	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data684		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/shareable	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data685		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.shareable
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/sharing/share/meta/meta_data_id	xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data686		xnat_experimentData_share_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/title	xnat_investigatorData687		xnat_investigatorData.title
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/firstname	xnat_investigatorData688		xnat_investigatorData.firstname
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/lastname	xnat_investigatorData689		xnat_investigatorData.lastname
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/institution	xnat_investigatorData690		xnat_investigatorData.institution
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/department	xnat_investigatorData691		xnat_investigatorData.department
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/email	xnat_investigatorData692		xnat_investigatorData.email
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/phone	xnat_investigatorData693		xnat_investigatorData.phone
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/ID  xnat_investigatorData694		xnat_investigatorData.id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/investigatordata_info	xnat_investigatorData695		xnat_investigatorData.investigatordata_info
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/xnat_investigatorData_id	xnat_investigatorData696		xnat_investigatorData.xnat_investigatordata_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/xft_version	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data697		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/last_modified	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data698		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/status	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data699		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.status
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/activation_date	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data700		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data701		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/insert_date	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data702		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data703		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data704		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/origin	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data705		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.origin
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/modified	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data706		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/shareable	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data707		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/investigator/meta/meta_data_id	xnat_investigatorData_meta_data708		xnat_investigatorData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/validation/method	xnat_validationData709		xnat_validationData.method
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/validation/date  xnat_validationData710		xnat_validationData.date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/validation/notes xnat_validationData711		xnat_validationData.notes
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/validation/validated_by	xnat_validationData712		xnat_validationData.validated_by
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/validation/status	xnat_validationData713		xnat_validationData.status
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/validation/validationdata_info	xnat_validationData714		xnat_validationData.validationdata_info
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/validation/xnat_validationData_id	xnat_validationData715		xnat_validationData.xnat_validationdata_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/xft_version	xnat_validationData_meta_data716		xnat_validationData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/last_modified	xnat_validationData_meta_data717		xnat_validationData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/status	xnat_validationData_meta_data718		xnat_validationData_meta_data.status
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/activation_date	xnat_validationData_meta_data719		xnat_validationData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_validationData_meta_data720		xnat_validationData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/insert_date	xnat_validationData_meta_data721		xnat_validationData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_validationData_meta_data722		xnat_validationData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_validationData_meta_data723		xnat_validationData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/origin	xnat_validationData_meta_data724		xnat_validationData_meta_data.origin
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/modified	xnat_validationData_meta_data725		xnat_validationData_meta_data.modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/shareable	xnat_validationData_meta_data726		xnat_validationData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/validation/meta/meta_data_id	xnat_validationData_meta_data727		xnat_validationData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/note	xnat_abstractResource728		xnat_abstractResource.note
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/label	xnat_abstractResource729		xnat_abstractResource.label
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/file_count	xnat_abstractResource730		xnat_abstractResource.file_count
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/file_size	xnat_abstractResource731		xnat_abstractResource.file_size
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/extension	xnat_abstractResource732		xnat_abstractResource.extension
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/abstractresource_info	xnat_abstractResource733		xnat_abstractResource.abstractresource_info
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/xnat_abstractResource_id	xnat_abstractResource734		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id	xnat_abstractResource735		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/tag	xnat_abstractResource_tag736		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tag
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/name	xnat_abstractResource_tag737		xnat_abstractResource_tag.name
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/abstractresource_tag_info	xnat_abstractResource_tag738		xnat_abstractResource_tag.abstractresource_tag_info
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/xnat_abstractResource_tag_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag739		xnat_abstractResource_tag.xnat_abstractresource_tag_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag740		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/xft_version	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data741		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/last_modified	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data742		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/status	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data743		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.status
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/activation_date	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data744		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data745		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/insert_date	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data746		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data747		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data748		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/origin	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data749		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.origin
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/modified	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data750		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/shareable	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data751		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.shareable
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/tags/tag/meta/meta_data_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data752		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/extension_item/element_name	xdat_meta_element753		xdat_meta_element.element_name
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id	xdat_meta_element754		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/xft_version	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data755		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/last_modified	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data756		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/status	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data757		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.status
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/activation_date	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data758		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data759		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/insert_date	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data760		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data761		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data762		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/origin	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data763		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.origin
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/modified	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data764		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/shareable	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data765		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.shareable
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/resources/resource/meta/meta_data_id	xnat_abstractResource_meta_data766		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/field	xnat_experimentData_field767		xnat_experimentData_field.field
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/name	xnat_experimentData_field768		xnat_experimentData_field.name
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/experimentdata_field_info	xnat_experimentData_field769		xnat_experimentData_field.experimentdata_field_info
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/xnat_experimentData_field_id	xnat_experimentData_field770		xnat_experimentData_field.xnat_experimentdata_field_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/fields_field_xnat_experimentdat_id	xnat_experimentData_field771		xnat_experimentData_field.fields_field_xnat_experimentdat_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/xft_version	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data772		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/last_modified	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data773		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/status	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data774		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.status
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/activation_date	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data775		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data776		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/insert_date	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data777		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data778		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data779		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/origin	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data780		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.origin
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/modified	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data781		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/shareable	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data782		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.shareable
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/fields/field/meta/meta_data_id	xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data783		xnat_experimentData_field_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/extension_item/element_name	xdat_meta_element784		xdat_meta_element.element_name
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id	xdat_meta_element785		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/meta/xft_version xnat_experimentData_meta_data786		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/meta/last_modified	xnat_experimentData_meta_data787		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/meta/status      xnat_experimentData_meta_data788		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.status
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/meta/activation_date	xnat_experimentData_meta_data789		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/meta/row_last_modified	xnat_experimentData_meta_data790		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/meta/insert_date xnat_experimentData_meta_data791		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_experimentData_meta_data792		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_experimentData_meta_data793		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/meta/origin      xnat_experimentData_meta_data794		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.origin
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/meta/modified    xnat_experimentData_meta_data795		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/meta/shareable   xnat_experimentData_meta_data796		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/experimentData/meta/meta_data_id	xnat_experimentData_meta_data797		xnat_experimentData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/process_info         prov_process798		prov_process.process_info
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/prov_process_id      prov_process799		prov_process.prov_process_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/program  prov_processStep800		prov_processStep.program
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/program/version	prov_processStep801		prov_processStep.program_version
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/program/arguments	prov_processStep802		prov_processStep.program_arguments
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/timestamp	prov_processStep803		prov_processStep.timestamp
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/cvs      prov_processStep804		prov_processStep.cvs
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/user     prov_processStep805		prov_processStep.user_name
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/machine  prov_processStep806		prov_processStep.machine
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/platform prov_processStep807		prov_processStep.platform
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/platform/version	prov_processStep808		prov_processStep.platform_version
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/compiler prov_processStep809		prov_processStep.compiler
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/compiler/version	prov_processStep810		prov_processStep.compiler_version
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/processstep_info	prov_processStep811		prov_processStep.processstep_info
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/prov_processStep_id	prov_processStep812		prov_processStep.prov_processstep_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/prov_process_prov_process_id	prov_processStep813		prov_processStep.prov_process_prov_process_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/library	prov_processStep_library814		prov_processStep_library.library
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/version	prov_processStep_library815		prov_processStep_library.version
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/processstep_library_info	prov_processStep_library816		prov_processStep_library.processstep_library_info
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/prov_processStep_library_id	prov_processStep_library817		prov_processStep_library.prov_processstep_library_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/prov_processstep_prov_processstep_id	prov_processStep_library818		prov_processStep_library.prov_processstep_prov_processstep_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/xft_version	prov_processStep_library_meta_data819		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/last_modified	prov_processStep_library_meta_data820		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/status	prov_processStep_library_meta_data821		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.status
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/activation_date	prov_processStep_library_meta_data822		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/row_last_modified	prov_processStep_library_meta_data823		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/insert_date	prov_processStep_library_meta_data824		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	prov_processStep_library_meta_data825		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	prov_processStep_library_meta_data826		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/origin	prov_processStep_library_meta_data827		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.origin
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/modified	prov_processStep_library_meta_data828		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/shareable	prov_processStep_library_meta_data829		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.shareable
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/library/meta/meta_data_id	prov_processStep_library_meta_data830		prov_processStep_library_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/xft_version	prov_processStep_meta_data831		prov_processStep_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/last_modified	prov_processStep_meta_data832		prov_processStep_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/status	prov_processStep_meta_data833		prov_processStep_meta_data.status
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/activation_date	prov_processStep_meta_data834		prov_processStep_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/row_last_modified	prov_processStep_meta_data835		prov_processStep_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/insert_date	prov_processStep_meta_data836		prov_processStep_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	prov_processStep_meta_data837		prov_processStep_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	prov_processStep_meta_data838		prov_processStep_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/origin	prov_processStep_meta_data839		prov_processStep_meta_data.origin
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/modified	prov_processStep_meta_data840		prov_processStep_meta_data.modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/shareable	prov_processStep_meta_data841		prov_processStep_meta_data.shareable
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/processStep/meta/meta_data_id	prov_processStep_meta_data842		prov_processStep_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/meta/xft_version     prov_process_meta_data843		prov_process_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/meta/last_modified   prov_process_meta_data844		prov_process_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/meta/status          prov_process_meta_data845		prov_process_meta_data.status
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/meta/activation_date prov_process_meta_data846		prov_process_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/meta/row_last_modified	prov_process_meta_data847		prov_process_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/meta/insert_date     prov_process_meta_data848		prov_process_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	prov_process_meta_data849		prov_process_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	prov_process_meta_data850		prov_process_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/meta/origin          prov_process_meta_data851		prov_process_meta_data.origin
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/meta/modified        prov_process_meta_data852		prov_process_meta_data.modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/meta/shareable       prov_process_meta_data853		prov_process_meta_data.shareable
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/provenance/meta/meta_data_id    prov_process_meta_data854		prov_process_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/meta/xft_version                xnat_derivedData_meta_data855		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/meta/last_modified              xnat_derivedData_meta_data856		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/meta/status                     xnat_derivedData_meta_data857		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.status
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/meta/activation_date            xnat_derivedData_meta_data858		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/meta/row_last_modified          xnat_derivedData_meta_data859		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/meta/insert_date                xnat_derivedData_meta_data860		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_derivedData_meta_data861		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id   xnat_derivedData_meta_data862		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/meta/origin                     xnat_derivedData_meta_data863		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.origin
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/meta/modified                   xnat_derivedData_meta_data864		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/meta/shareable                  xnat_derivedData_meta_data865		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/derivedData/meta/meta_data_id               xnat_derivedData_meta_data866		xnat_derivedData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/note                                xnat_abstractResource867		xnat_abstractResource.note
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/label                               xnat_abstractResource868		xnat_abstractResource.label
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/file_count                          xnat_abstractResource869		xnat_abstractResource.file_count
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/file_size                           xnat_abstractResource870		xnat_abstractResource.file_size
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/extension                           xnat_abstractResource871		xnat_abstractResource.extension
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/abstractresource_info               xnat_abstractResource872		xnat_abstractResource.abstractresource_info
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/xnat_abstractResource_id            xnat_abstractResource873		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id	xnat_abstractResource874		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/tags/tag/tag                        xnat_abstractResource_tag875		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tag
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/tags/tag/name                       xnat_abstractResource_tag876		xnat_abstractResource_tag.name
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/tags/tag/abstractresource_tag_info  xnat_abstractResource_tag877		xnat_abstractResource_tag.abstractresource_tag_info
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/tags/tag/xnat_abstractResource_tag_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag878		xnat_abstractResource_tag.xnat_abstractresource_tag_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/tags/tag/tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag879		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/tags/tag/meta/xft_version           xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data880		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/tags/tag/meta/last_modified         xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data881		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/tags/tag/meta/status                xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data882		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.status
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/tags/tag/meta/activation_date       xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data883		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/tags/tag/meta/row_last_modified     xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data884		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/tags/tag/meta/insert_date           xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data885		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/tags/tag/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data886		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/tags/tag/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data887		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/tags/tag/meta/origin                xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data888		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.origin
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/tags/tag/meta/modified              xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data889		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/tags/tag/meta/shareable             xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data890		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.shareable
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/tags/tag/meta/meta_data_id          xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data891		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/extension_item/element_name         xdat_meta_element892		xdat_meta_element.element_name
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id xdat_meta_element893		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/meta/xft_version                    xnat_abstractResource_meta_data894		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/meta/last_modified                  xnat_abstractResource_meta_data895		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/meta/status                         xnat_abstractResource_meta_data896		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.status
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/meta/activation_date                xnat_abstractResource_meta_data897		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/meta/row_last_modified              xnat_abstractResource_meta_data898		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/meta/insert_date                    xnat_abstractResource_meta_data899		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id   xnat_abstractResource_meta_data900		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id       xnat_abstractResource_meta_data901		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/meta/origin                         xnat_abstractResource_meta_data902		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.origin
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/meta/modified                       xnat_abstractResource_meta_data903		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/meta/shareable                      xnat_abstractResource_meta_data904		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.shareable
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/in/file/meta/meta_data_id                   xnat_abstractResource_meta_data905		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/note                               xnat_abstractResource906		xnat_abstractResource.note
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/label                              xnat_abstractResource907		xnat_abstractResource.label
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/file_count                         xnat_abstractResource908		xnat_abstractResource.file_count
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/file_size                          xnat_abstractResource909		xnat_abstractResource.file_size
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/extension                          xnat_abstractResource910		xnat_abstractResource.extension
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/abstractresource_info              xnat_abstractResource911		xnat_abstractResource.abstractresource_info
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/xnat_abstractResource_id           xnat_abstractResource912		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id	xnat_abstractResource913		xnat_abstractResource.xnat_imagescandata_xnat_imagescandata_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/tags/tag/tag                       xnat_abstractResource_tag914		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tag
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/tags/tag/name                      xnat_abstractResource_tag915		xnat_abstractResource_tag.name
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/tags/tag/abstractresource_tag_info xnat_abstractResource_tag916		xnat_abstractResource_tag.abstractresource_tag_info
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/tags/tag/xnat_abstractResource_tag_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag917		xnat_abstractResource_tag.xnat_abstractresource_tag_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/tags/tag/tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag918		xnat_abstractResource_tag.tags_tag_xnat_abstractresource_xnat_abstractresource_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/tags/tag/meta/xft_version          xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data919		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/tags/tag/meta/last_modified        xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data920		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/tags/tag/meta/status               xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data921		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.status
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/tags/tag/meta/activation_date      xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data922		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/tags/tag/meta/row_last_modified    xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data923		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/tags/tag/meta/insert_date          xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data924		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/tags/tag/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data925		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/tags/tag/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data926		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/tags/tag/meta/origin               xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data927		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.origin
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/tags/tag/meta/modified             xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data928		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/tags/tag/meta/shareable            xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data929		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.shareable
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/tags/tag/meta/meta_data_id         xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data930		xnat_abstractResource_tag_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/extension_item/element_name        xdat_meta_element931		xdat_meta_element.element_name
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id	xdat_meta_element932		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/meta/xft_version                   xnat_abstractResource_meta_data933		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/meta/last_modified                 xnat_abstractResource_meta_data934		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/meta/status                        xnat_abstractResource_meta_data935		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.status
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/meta/activation_date               xnat_abstractResource_meta_data936		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/meta/row_last_modified             xnat_abstractResource_meta_data937		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/meta/insert_date                   xnat_abstractResource_meta_data938		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id  xnat_abstractResource_meta_data939		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id      xnat_abstractResource_meta_data940		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/meta/origin                        xnat_abstractResource_meta_data941		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.origin
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/meta/modified                      xnat_abstractResource_meta_data942		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/meta/shareable                     xnat_abstractResource_meta_data943		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.shareable
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/out/file/meta/meta_data_id                  xnat_abstractResource_meta_data944		xnat_abstractResource_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/parameters/addParam/addField                xnat_addField945		xnat_addField.addfield
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/parameters/addParam/name                    xnat_addField946		xnat_addField.name
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/parameters/addParam/addfield_info           xnat_addField947		xnat_addField.addfield_info
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/parameters/addParam/xnat_addField_id        xnat_addField948		xnat_addField.xnat_addfield_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/parameters/addParam/parameters_addparam_xnat_mrscan_xnat_imagescandata_id	xnat_addField949		xnat_addField.parameters_addparam_xnat_mrscan_xnat_imagescandata_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/parameters/addParam/parameters_addparam_xnat_recons_xnat_reconstructedimagedata_id	xnat_addField950		xnat_addField.parameters_addparam_xnat_recons_xnat_reconstructedimagedata_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/parameters/addParam/parameters_addparam_xnat_petsca_xnat_imagescandata_id	xnat_addField951		xnat_addField.parameters_addparam_xnat_petsca_xnat_imagescandata_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/parameters/addParam/parameters_addparam_xnat_imagea_id	xnat_addField952		xnat_addField.parameters_addparam_xnat_imagea_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/parameters/addParam/meta/xft_version        xnat_addField_meta_data953		xnat_addField_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/parameters/addParam/meta/last_modified      xnat_addField_meta_data954		xnat_addField_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/parameters/addParam/meta/status             xnat_addField_meta_data955		xnat_addField_meta_data.status
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/parameters/addParam/meta/activation_date    xnat_addField_meta_data956		xnat_addField_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/parameters/addParam/meta/row_last_modified  xnat_addField_meta_data957		xnat_addField_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/parameters/addParam/meta/insert_date        xnat_addField_meta_data958		xnat_addField_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/parameters/addParam/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_addField_meta_data959		xnat_addField_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/parameters/addParam/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id	xnat_addField_meta_data960		xnat_addField_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/parameters/addParam/meta/origin             xnat_addField_meta_data961		xnat_addField_meta_data.origin
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/parameters/addParam/meta/modified           xnat_addField_meta_data962		xnat_addField_meta_data.modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/parameters/addParam/meta/shareable          xnat_addField_meta_data963		xnat_addField_meta_data.shareable
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/parameters/addParam/meta/meta_data_id       xnat_addField_meta_data964		xnat_addField_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/meta/xft_version                            xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data965		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/meta/last_modified                          xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data966		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/meta/status                                 xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data967		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.status
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/meta/activation_date                        xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data968		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/meta/row_last_modified                      xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data969		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/meta/insert_date                            xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data970		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id           xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data971		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id               xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data972		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/meta/origin                                 xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data973		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.origin
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/meta/modified                               xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data974		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/meta/shareable                              xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data975		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/assessors/assessor/meta/meta_data_id                           xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data976		xnat_imageAssessorData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/meta/xft_version                                               xnat_imageSessionData_meta_data977		xnat_imageSessionData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/meta/last_modified                                             xnat_imageSessionData_meta_data978		xnat_imageSessionData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/meta/status                                                    xnat_imageSessionData_meta_data979		xnat_imageSessionData_meta_data.status
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/meta/activation_date                                           xnat_imageSessionData_meta_data980		xnat_imageSessionData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/meta/row_last_modified                                         xnat_imageSessionData_meta_data981		xnat_imageSessionData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/meta/insert_date                                               xnat_imageSessionData_meta_data982		xnat_imageSessionData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                              xnat_imageSessionData_meta_data983		xnat_imageSessionData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                                  xnat_imageSessionData_meta_data984		xnat_imageSessionData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/meta/origin                                                    xnat_imageSessionData_meta_data985		xnat_imageSessionData_meta_data.origin
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/meta/modified                                                  xnat_imageSessionData_meta_data986		xnat_imageSessionData_meta_data.modified
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/meta/shareable                                                 xnat_imageSessionData_meta_data987		xnat_imageSessionData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:petSessionData/imageSessionData/meta/meta_data_id                                              xnat_imageSessionData_meta_data988		xnat_imageSessionData_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:petSessionData/meta/xft_version                                                                xnat_petSessionData_meta_data989		xnat_petSessionData_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:petSessionData/meta/last_modified                                                              xnat_petSessionData_meta_data990		xnat_petSessionData_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/meta/status                                                                     xnat_petSessionData_meta_data991		xnat_petSessionData_meta_data.status
xnat:petSessionData/meta/activation_date                                                            xnat_petSessionData_meta_data992		xnat_petSessionData_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:petSessionData/meta/row_last_modified                                                          xnat_petSessionData_meta_data993		xnat_petSessionData_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:petSessionData/meta/insert_date                                                                xnat_petSessionData_meta_data994		xnat_petSessionData_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:petSessionData/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                                               xnat_petSessionData_meta_data995		xnat_petSessionData_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                                                   xnat_petSessionData_meta_data996		xnat_petSessionData_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:petSessionData/meta/origin                                                                     xnat_petSessionData_meta_data997		xnat_petSessionData_meta_data.origin
xnat:petSessionData/meta/modified                                                                   xnat_petSessionData_meta_data998		xnat_petSessionData_meta_data.modified
xnat:petSessionData/meta/shareable                                                                  xnat_petSessionData_meta_data999		xnat_petSessionData_meta_data.shareable
xnat:petSessionData/meta/meta_data_id                                                               xnat_petSessionData_meta_data1000		xnat_petSessionData_meta_data.meta_data_id
