

*********************************************

ac_s_xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice_r
(ACTIVE - MULTIPLE - ROOT)

xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan_slice/slicestatistics_xnat_abstractstatistics_id                         xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice0		xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice.slicestatistics_xnat_abstractstatistics_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan_slice/number                                                             xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice1		xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice.number
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan_slice/qcassessmentdata_scan_slice_info                                   xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice2		xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice.qcassessmentdata_scan_slice_info
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan_slice/xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice_id                                xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice3		xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice.xnat_qcassessmentdata_scan_slice_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan_slice/sliceqc_slice_xnat_qcassessment_xnat_qcassessmentdata_scan_id      xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice4		xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice.sliceqc_slice_xnat_qcassessment_xnat_qcassessmentdata_scan_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan_slice/sliceStatistics/extension                                          xnat_abstractStatistics5		xnat_abstractStatistics.extension
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan_slice/sliceStatistics/abstractstatistics_info                            xnat_abstractStatistics6		xnat_abstractStatistics.abstractstatistics_info
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan_slice/sliceStatistics/xnat_abstractStatistics_id                         xnat_abstractStatistics7		xnat_abstractStatistics.xnat_abstractstatistics_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan_slice/sliceStatistics/extension_item/element_name                        xdat_meta_element8		xdat_meta_element.element_name
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan_slice/sliceStatistics/extension_item/xdat_meta_element_id                xdat_meta_element9		xdat_meta_element.xdat_meta_element_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan_slice/sliceStatistics/meta/xft_version                                   xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data10		xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan_slice/sliceStatistics/meta/last_modified                                 xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data11		xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan_slice/sliceStatistics/meta/status                                        xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data12		xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data.status
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan_slice/sliceStatistics/meta/activation_date                               xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data13		xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan_slice/sliceStatistics/meta/row_last_modified                             xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data14		xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan_slice/sliceStatistics/meta/insert_date                                   xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data15		xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan_slice/sliceStatistics/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                  xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data16		xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan_slice/sliceStatistics/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                      xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data17		xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan_slice/sliceStatistics/meta/origin                                        xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data18		xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data.origin
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan_slice/sliceStatistics/meta/modified                                      xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data19		xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data.modified
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan_slice/sliceStatistics/meta/shareable                                     xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data20		xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data.shareable
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan_slice/sliceStatistics/meta/meta_data_id                                  xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data21		xnat_abstractStatistics_meta_data.meta_data_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan_slice/meta/xft_version                                                   xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice_meta_data22		xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice_meta_data.xft_version
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan_slice/meta/last_modified                                                 xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice_meta_data23		xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice_meta_data.last_modified
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan_slice/meta/status                                                        xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice_meta_data24		xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice_meta_data.status
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan_slice/meta/activation_date                                               xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice_meta_data25		xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice_meta_data.activation_date
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan_slice/meta/row_last_modified                                             xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice_meta_data26		xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice_meta_data.row_last_modified
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan_slice/meta/insert_date                                                   xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice_meta_data27		xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice_meta_data.insert_date
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan_slice/meta/activation_user_xdat_user_id                                  xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice_meta_data28		xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice_meta_data.activation_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan_slice/meta/insert_user_xdat_user_id                                      xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice_meta_data29		xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice_meta_data.insert_user_xdat_user_id
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan_slice/meta/origin                                                        xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice_meta_data30		xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice_meta_data.origin
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan_slice/meta/modified                                                      xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice_meta_data31		xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice_meta_data.modified
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan_slice/meta/shareable                                                     xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice_meta_data32		xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice_meta_data.shareable
xnat:qcAssessmentData_scan_slice/meta/meta_data_id                                                  xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice_meta_data33		xnat_qcAssessmentData_scan_slice_meta_data.meta_data_id
